# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 March 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   HOW 2019 site admin training Thurs morning
-   Edgar will be attending the Singularity user group meeting Tue/Wed
-   Edgar won't be at the AHM


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   4 (-1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 162          | +3      | Open              |
| 41           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 4            | -6      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -5      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.26
    -   AI (Carl, Mat): Tag and build new osg-build
    -   AI (Mat): Is XCache 1.0.2 ready?
    -   GlideinWMS 3.4.4 and XRootD 4.9.1 expected this week
-   Update your koji configuration with `osg-koji setup` this week


### Discussion

-   You can use the 'latest' branch from the osg-build GitHub repository if you'd like the latest released version of osg-build
-   Mat has tested stash-cache 1.0.2 but not the origin.
    We decided that we should not hold the tag and build back for extensive origin testing since there are so many tickets.
-   We don't believe we'll have to rebuild the various XRootD plugins for 4.9.1
-   Carl thinks he has a simple fix for Bockjoo's missing accounting records and will coordinate with Derek for applying it.
    We discussed that we should test this on a few records first before running it over the entirety of the folder
-   Carl contacted slurm-users about the supported Slurm versions but only got a sales pitch.
    Derek will get us the version that UNL uses and we will likely use the version that we test in the nightlies as a baseline.


### Support Update

-   JLab (Edgar): Gratia probe was misconfigured so we haven't been getting records for a few months.
    Gratia was failing immediately so there's a good chance that the history files are still there and that we can fix the configuration and get all of the missing records.
-   StashCache (Edgar): the European StashCache is being overly utilized, users in Europe are being routed to NYC back to Amsterdam.
    Edgar will coordinate with Geant to try and get this fixed.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): Missing January accounting records due to a Slurm update that broke our database queries.
    Bockjoo has a workaround that has temporarily solved this issue but we'd like to solve this more sustainably (SOFTWARE-1588).


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.25 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -10     | Open              |
| 0      | -12     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | -5      | Ready for Release |
| 6      | +5      | Closed            |
| 6      | -26     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.25  
    -   Released
        -   gsi-openssh
        -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.0 (EL6 and EL7)
        -   HTCondor 8.6.13-1.2
        -   Koji 1.11.1
        -   osg-tested-internal 3.4-7
        -   Upcoming  
            -   HTCondor 8.8.1


| 3.4.26 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +11     | Open              |
| 17     | +17     | In Progress       |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 32     | +32     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.25
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   Singalarity 3.1.0
        -   Globus Packages using GCT
        -   cctools 7.0.9
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   Edgar will test GlideinWMS when it arrives
-   Will release Singularity, cctools, most likely Globus pacakges this week
-   Need to start testing XCache software


## OSG Investigations Team

-   New Perfsonar collectors.. almost done!  Waiting 24 hours for green light to switch over to production!
-   Creating small script to create check_mk availability spreadsheet for OSG Ops.  Now in development.
-   New SciTokens setup at osg-connect.  Will be following up with the osg-connect ops and user support teams.  Will need to coordinate with both.  Created a project plan, but hit snag on the first step.  The new glideins don't work, everything else is on hold.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

