# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 January 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   OSG All Hands registration open (https://opensciencegrid.org/all-hands/2019/)
-   Operations F2F meeting to be held next Tues-Thurs (https://indico.fnal.gov/event/19580/)

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT (?)
-   5 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 152          | +2      | Open              |
| 30           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 4            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.24  
    -   XRootD 4.9.0 RC4 soon?
    -   AI (BrianB, Derek, Marian, Mat): Various StashCache 1.0 tickets
    -   AI (Mat): Update gsi-openssh version
-   XCache container due at the end of the month
-   Next doc focus this Thursday, 2018-01-24


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): high load on some worker nodes (=ls /tmp hangs=) with some ATLAS jobs using 100% of swap
-   Colorado (BrianL): Tanya's group is using the hostname for blackhole detection, and they will investigate why the experiment itself is testing for the hostname.
-   FNAL (BrianL): Accounting group issues are being resolved in the job router. The fix will make it into 8.6.13-1.2 and 8.8.1
-   Georgia Tech (Edgar): They got an IGTF InCommon certificate and their cache registration needs to be updated to support XCache 1.0
-   Internet2 (Edgar): Bug in CVMFS fault-tolernace that is being addressed upstream
-   Notre Dame (Edgar): issue with accessing Boone and other FNAL experiments from Stash Cache. Turned out to be an issue with two old squids at the UW CMS T2 that were open to the public and that IceCube depended on these squids so they can't be turned down. IceCube and Edgar will work on solutions so that they don't rely on the UW squids any longer.
-   NERSC (Mat): Someone wanted to recompile OSG Software for SUSE, Mat pointed them at the tarballs and recommended the Docker images

## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.23 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -9      | Open              |
| 1      | -15     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 6      | +5      | Ready for Release |
| 7      | -20     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.23 - Tomorrow (Wednesday)
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   gratia-probes
            -   Interpret CPU expression for Hosted CEs
            -   Set Processors field properly for Slurm
            -   Tests: validate processors field
        -   Upcoming
            -   HTCondor 8.8.0
            -   Singularity 3.0.2
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Ping Marian to test xrootd-lcmaps
-   AI (TimT): Request testing of HDFS on EL6 from Purdue/Notre Dame


## OSG Investigations Team

-   OSG Ops meeting next week, investigations is deeply involved in ops.
-   Lots of changes to the perfsonar infrastructure software.  Should be in "testing mode" this week.
-   Lots of performance tests by the experiments that may lead to xrootd bug reports which we will be facilitating.
-   GRACC updates for hosted CE gratia probe fixes.  Will need to do some data analaytics.

-   Need an update - Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches. Nebraska and KC cache first. Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Need an update - Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.


Done last week:  

-   Some more SciTokens


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

AI (Edgar): Coordinate with BrianL and Mat for k8s-ization of StashCache origin and hosted CEs
