# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 25 March 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

-   HEPiX this week at UCSD
-   BrianL OOO 3/28 - 4/5 (ISGC Taiwan, vacation)
-   IRIS-HEP topical meeting about CDNs at 11:30am CDT


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Mat
-   5 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 170          | +2      | Open              |
| 28           | -12     | In Progress       |
| 16           | +13     | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.27  
    -   AI (Mat): request promotion for XRootD pre-pre-release
    -   AI (Mat): osg-build-1.14.2+ (SOFTWARE-3622)


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   JLab (Edgar): Gratia probe was misconfigured so we haven't been getting records for a few months.  
    Gratia was failing immediately so there's a good chance that the history files are still there and that we can fix the configuration and get all of the missing records.
-   StashCache (Edgar): the European StashCache is being overly utilized, users in Europe are being routed to NYC back to Amsterdam.  
    Edgar will coordinate with Geant to try and get this fixed.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): Missing January accounting records due to a Slurm update that broke our database queries.  
    Bockjoo has a workaround that has temporarily solved this issue but we'd like to solve this more sustainably (SOFTWARE-1588).
- 	Syracuse (Derek): Help with startup time of Syracuse.  Eric's goal is to fill 30k cores in ~1hour.  Is that possible?  Will talk with factory ops.
-   GlueX (Derek): From Richard Jones' talk at HOW, https://indico.cern.ch/event/759388/contributions/3352640/.  I got the 57 page notebook of problems he had.  Will read through them to see if there are any actionable items for Bosco/HTCondor/Blahp


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.25 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -10     | Open              |
| 0      | -12     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | -5      | Ready for Release |
| 6      | +5      | Closed            |
| 6      | -26     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.25  
    -   Released  
        -   gsi-openssh
        -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.0 (EL6 and EL7)
        -   HTCondor 8.6.13-1.2
        -   Koji 1.11.1
        -   osg-tested-internal 3.4-7
        -   Upcoming  
            -   HTCondor 8.8.1

| 3.4.26 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +11     | Open              |
| 17     | +17     | In Progress       |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 32     | +32     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.25  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singalarity 3.1.0
        -   Globus Packages using GCT
        -   cctools 7.0.9
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   Edgar will test GlideinWMS when it arrives
-   Will release Singularity, cctools, most likely Globus pacakges this week
-   Need to start testing XCache software


## OSG Investigations Team

-   PerfSonar collectors = DONE
-   Lots of GRACC questions at HOW, will likely take development
-   Moving forward with new SciTokens setup at OSG-Connect.  Need to coordinate switchover.
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  Will start investigating with Nebraska.
-   StashCache paper accepted to PEARC, will likely disappear into a bunker to write.
-   Lots of good press about StashCache / Xcache at HOW.  Want to build off of that.
-   Investigating check_mk probe that will check the status of hosted-ce's.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

New SciTokens setup on osg-connect only concerns HTCondor-related services
