# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 16 September 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Diego, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   CC\* Workshop Sep 23-25. Tasks for/from this workshop are very high priority!
-   BrianL OOO Sep 17-23, HTCondor Week Europe Sep 24-27


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   14 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 155          | -3      | Open              |
| 30           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 12           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Please review the next triage rotation starting Sep 30
-   OSG 3.4.35/3.5.1  
    -   AI (Diego): Apply bosco override patch to HTCondor 8.8.5 in OSG 3.4 (SOFTWARE-3816)
    -   AI (Diego): Release stashcache-client (SOFTWARE-3799)
    -   AI (Mat): Add support for bosco<sub>cluster</sub> override in osg-configure v2 (SOFTWARE-3818)
-   AI (Mat): Coordinate with Marco, Jeff, and Judith for the Hosted CE git repo and config management
-   AI (Carl): Replace HTCondor blahp external with the "OSG version" in the HTCondor 8.9 series
-   AI (Carl): Issues with Gratia 1.2.10 need to be fixed (SOFTWARE-3737)
-   AI (Edgar): Test the latest Stash Cache image (SOFTWARE-3810)


### Discussion

-   Marco intends to release GlideinWMS 3.5.1 today so that we can test it in OSG 3.4 and 3.5
-   We discussed the short-term plan if we find an issue with the latest Bosco tarballs:
    -   If it's an issue with the compiled code, the tarball needs to be rebuilt
    -   If it's an issue with the scripts, Operations will maintain patches


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): They're still working on setting their `storage.xml` properly to join CMS AAA
-   CNAF (Edgar): Troubleshooting authorization failures for authenticated Stash Cache
-   CyVerse (Carl): Running into issues with 32-bit depsolving on upgrade
-   Harvard Medical School (Mat): They can actually get user accounts from Harvard so they don't need to use the OpenID-issued certs
-   LHCb (Derek, Carl): LHCb pilot records show up as `other_egee` but the raw record doesn't contain this anywhere


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.35 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.1 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | -20     | 1     | -2      | 3     | -22     | Open              |
| 1      | +1      | 5    | +1      | 1     | -2      | 7     | +0      | In Progress       |
| 2      | -1      | 2    | +2      | 6     | +6      | 10    | +7      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | 0    | +0      | 0     | +0      | 1     | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 4      | +1      | 9    | -17     | 8     | +2      | 21    | -14     | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.4.35
            -   GlideinWMS 3.4.6
            -   HTCondor 8.8.4
        -   Both  
            -   CVMFS 2.6.3
        -   3.5.1  
            -   osg-ce 3.5-2
            -   HTCondor CE 4.0.0
            -   HTCondor 8.8.5
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.4.35
            -   Singularity 3.3.0
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   CMS requested some changes to xrootd monitoring.  Changes are made and deployed... But need debugging.
-   IRIS-HEP meeting went well.
-   Will begin validation of the xrootd monitoring collector.
-   HTCondor-CE gratia probe deployed for several weeks at Nebraska successfully.  Will coordinate with external site to use it (probably Florida).
-   Worked with operations to shorten stashcache negative cache duration.
-   SAND display for CC\* workshop: <https://display.sand-ci.org/>
-   GRACC development is upcoming for NSF Field of Science improvements.


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   GRACC Taskforce


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
