# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 April 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, TimT


## Announcements

BrianL out next week 4/29 - 5/1

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   9 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 164          | -7      | Open              |
| 26           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 12           | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 7            | +7      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   New GLOW VO certificate?
-   TPC tests have been failing since 4/12 (<http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/tests/20190412-0423/results.html>)
-   Blahp updates  
    -   Merging relevant HTCondor patches
    -   AI (Carl): Use the "new" condor env format
    -   AI (BrianL): Proxies on WNs fail to renew


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): will request GLOW certificate
-   AI (Edgar): will look into XRootD TPC tests failing, BrianL will create a ticket
-   AI (BrianL): Review the status of doc tickets labeled for 3.4.28
-   AI (BrianL): Add Diego to the software mailing list and JIRA


### Support Update

-   CMS (Marian): XRootD SAM tests are segfaulting for some sites.
    Still investigating xrootd-python and xrootd-client.
-   LIGO (Edgar): are interested in opportunistic GPU usage.
    They're configured to use PRP GPUs and we're working on getting them access to QB2E and CalTech GPUs.
-   NET2 (Carl, Derek): They had an issue similar to Florida but they have all of their accounting records from SGE.
    This means that we can run a probe locally, "faking" any local configuration, and send records off to the GRACC.
-   SWT2 (BrianL): the blahp does not refresh proxies after 24h on WNs and this has bitten ATLAS.
    Investigating potential fixes.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): Records have been sent to APEL and now the WLCG needs to regenerate the reports. Out of OSG hands now.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.28 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | Open              |
| 3      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 12     | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 7      | +7      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 22     | +2      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.28 - This Week
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   XRootD 4.9.1
        -   StashCache/XCache (13 tickets)
        -   MyProxy using GCT
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4.5
    -   Ready for Release
        -   osg-flock 1.1: flock host DN
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.2
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (Marian, John T): Should be able to test XCache by noon Wed
-   AI (Edgar): Help Diego test GlideinWMS 3.4.5
-   AI (TimT): Request a mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email


## OSG Investigations Team

-   XRootD workshop will be held in France in 6-8 weeks
-   Some resources in topology don't have an APEL normalization factor set in topology, causing issues with APEL numbers.  
    We have opened tickets with the relevant site admins.
-   Accounting audit is beginning in collaboration with ATLAS.


### Future

-   I would like the investigations team to make a thrust helping Ops with monitoring.  Lots of issues with things that are failing.  And who is watching the watchers (GRACC alert email wasn't being sent... watch the watchers)?
-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  Will start investigating with Nebraska, next week.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
