# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 19 August 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Diego, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Matyas


## Announcements

-   HTCondor Fun day this Friday
-   IRIS-HEP retreat September 12, 13: block your calendars
-   TimT OOO, returning 8/26
-   Carl OOO, returning 8/29
-   Edgar OOO, returning 9/2


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   5 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 159          | +3      | Open              |
| 45           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 13           | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.34  
    -   AI (Brian): Stash Origin changes; osg-xrootd support
    -   AI (Mat): Ping Marco to test osg-configure changes
-   OSG 3.5  
    -   Package list: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WNk8F5XRQSJw3mwTFejJBLNbrQptdUxpWpZ0UEu-4MI/edit#gid=566881086>
    -   Perform packaging work in the `osg-3.5` and `devops` SVN branches
    -   AI (Mat): Remove GUMS and gLexec references from LCMAPS (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3776>)
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate OSG 3.5 test failures (slurm config, condor 8.6 -> 8.8 upgrades, GridFTP + HDFS failures)


### Discussion

-   We decided to punt on the new GPG keys (SOFTWARE-3275) for OSG 3.4.34/3.5.0
-   HTCondor yum upgrade failures are due to dropping CREAM support in OSG 3.5 and we hope to find packaging solution


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): working on XRootD issue (AAA CMS problems); still in progress
-   Syracuse (Mat, Edgar): initial test jobs succeeded, submitting larger test jobs for further validation
-   Purdue (Edgar): CMS XCache mostly set up (2 caches, 1 redirector) and just need to open the firewall for the last verification tests
-   GGUS ticket w/ Doug Johnson about using Let's Encrypt with LVS; still need to create the ticket for load-balanced GridFTP + Let's Encrypt document
-   Vanderbilt (Marian): answered XRootD questions about how to track down misbehaving users


## OSG Investigations Team

No updates this week


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions
