# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 12 August 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   IRIS-HEP retreat September 12, 13: block your calendars
-   TimT OOO starting tomorrow, returning 8/26
-   Carl OOO starting next week, returning 8/29
-   Edgar OOO starting next week, returning 9/2


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Mat
-   7 (-3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 156          | +0      | Open              |
| 43           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 13           | -2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.34  
    -   AI (Brian): Stash Origin changes; osg-xrootd support; xrootd-lcmaps fixes
    -   AI (Carl): Support new MySQL versions in the Slurm Gratia probes; UFL kicked back to us
-   OSG 3.5  
    -   Package list: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WNk8F5XRQSJw3mwTFejJBLNbrQptdUxpWpZ0UEu-4MI/edit#gid=566881086>
    -   Perform packaging work in the `osg-3.5` SVN branch
    -   AI (Carl): Build "devops" and "contrib" packages (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3291>)
    -   AI (Mat, Diego): Remove GUMS and gLexec references from LCMAPS (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3776>)


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Follow-up with BrianB about HTCondor 8.8 release plans in OSG 3.5
-   AI (BrianL, Mat): Discuss osg-promote routes for goc/devops repos


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): working on XRootD issue (AAA CMS problems); still in progress
-   Brown (Mat, Edgar): helped with Squid/CE topology registrations
-   Purdue (Edgar): CMS XCache mostly set up (2 caches, 1 redirector) and just need to open the firewall for the last verification tests
-   GGUS ticket w/ Doug Johnson about using Let's Encrypt with LVS; still need to create the ticket for load-balanced GridFTP + Let's Encrypt document


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.34 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 15     | +4      | Open              |
| 11     | -2      | In Progress       |
| 10     | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 37     | +0      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.34  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singularity 3.3.0
        -   GlideinWMS 3.5
        -   myproxy 6.2.4
        -   osg-configure 2.4.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): send community testing announcement template for review to technology-team mailing list (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3755>)
-   AI (BrianL): Update community testing policy to note that critical packages will be announced immediately and non-critical packages in weekly digests
-   AI (TimT): Madison ITB nodes need to be rebuilt. itb-ce2 and itb-submit will be upgraded to CentOS 7. itb-ce1 remains at SL6.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Installed the CMS XCache docker image into production at UCSD
-   Update the OASIS hosts to use the new CVMFS configuration repo (<https://github.com/cvmfs-contrib/config-repo>)
-   Working on testing BLAHP systemcpu time.


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
