# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  4 March 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

HOW 2019 site admin training Thurs morning  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   5 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 159          | -89     | Open              |
| 37           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 10           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.25  
    -   Added sha1sums for osg-import-srpm. Are there any other osg-build changes?
    -   AI (Mat): follow-up with Andy regarding the XRootD 4.9.0 POSIX segfaults
    -   AI (Mat): Go through XCache 1.0 tickets and verify RFT status
-   Doc Focus  
    -   Next doc focus Mar 7
    -   AI (BrianL): PR reviews


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   UFL (Carl, Derek): Missing January accounting records due to a Slurm update that broke our database queries.  
    Bockjoo has a workaround that has temporarily solved this issue but we'd like to solve this more sustainably (SOFTWARE-1588).


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.25 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 10     | -1      | Open              |
| 12     | +1      | In Progress       |
| 4      | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 5      | +3      | Ready for Release |
| 1      | +0      | Closed            |
| 32     | +3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.25  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   XRootD 4.9.0
        -   gsi-openssh
        -   Globus Packages
        -   cctools 7.0.9
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.0 (EL6 and EL7)
        -   HTCondor 8.6.13-1.2
        -   Koji 1.11.1
        -   osg-tested-internal 3.4-7
        -   Upcoming  
            -   HTCondor 8.8.1
-   Data - Today
    -   IGTF 1.96
    -   VO Package v86
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   Have Lincoln test gsi-openssh at GATech
-   Release what we have this week
-   Check with Dan Bradley (and Carl) about testing backup lz VOMS admin server


## OSG Investigations Team

-   New Perfsonar collectors.. sidelined.
-   Ticket support on topology on hold temporarily.
-   Creating small script to create check_mk availability spreadsheet for OSG Ops.
-   New SciTokens setup at osg-connect.  Will be following up with the osg-connect ops and user support teams.  Will need to coordinate with both.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
