# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 16 December 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marian, Mat


## Announcements

-   Next two meetings (Dec 23 and Dec 30) canceled
-   Consult the OSG Software calendar for outages
-   For emergencies, contact BrianL via Slack (force notification)


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: TimT
-   8 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 159          | +4      | Open              |
| 40           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 5            | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 8            | +8      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.7/3.4.41  
    -   AI (Mat): Drop or upstream OSG-specific Globus patches (SOFTWARE-2996)
    -   AI (Carl): gsi-openssh: move OSG changes to separate package (SOFTWARE-3915)
    -   AI (Carl, Derek): Malformed classad in history file causes gratia probe to silently fail (SOFTWARE-3877)
    -   AI (Mat, Tim): Review HTCondor-CE 4.1.0 and 3.4.0 documentation (SOFTWARE-3861, SOFTWARE-3862)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugins against 5.0.0 rc1 (SOFTWARE-3923)
    -   AI (Diego): Build voms-server with patches (SOFTWARE-3879)
-   AI (Brian): Hosted CE container/chart bug fixes
-   AI (Brian): Working on serving HTML results from osg-sw-submit web server


### Discussion

-   AI (Brian, Edgar): Last Friday, Edgar discovered an XCache configuration bug and he will submit a PR.
-   UCSD XRootD update: Diego and Edgar have worked getting this together and they've got it working. Next step is to transition to the OSG XRootD standalone packaging using the documentation. Diego has written a few notes on what was difficult and will pass that along.


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): Still working on getting Phedex working. Marian will coordinate a live support session with the Brown admins and a Phedex expert to finally get this working.
-   Central Collector, ITB CE (BrianL): clients hang when querying collectors. Nothing show up in the logs but telnet works. Edgar suggested that it may be an issue with dual-stacked clients.
-   UPR (BrianL): some confusion when updating HTCondor (to 8.8 and 8.9) due to security changes


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.41 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.7 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -5      | 0     | -1      | 0     | -6      | Open              |
| 0      | -1      | 0    | -3      | 0     | -2      | 0     | -6      | In Progress       |
| 1      | +0      | 2    | -2      | 0     | -3      | 3     | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | 3    | +3      | 4     | +4      | 8     | +8      | Ready for Release |
| 2      | +0      | 5    | -7      | 4     | -2      | 11    | -9      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.7  
            -   Nothing
        -   Both  
            -   osg-xrootd 3.4-5: Add 'all.role server' to standalone xrootd configuration
            -   CVMFS 2.7.0
        -   3.4.41  
            -   koji 1.15.3
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.7  
            -   HTCondor-CE 4.1.0
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.4
        -   Both  
            -   GlideinWMS 3.6.1
            -   HTCondor 8.8.6
            -   HTCondor CE - non-OSG method for modifying job environment
        -   3.4.41  
            -   HTCondor-CE 3.4.0
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Lots of GRACC visualization updates.
-   (overdue) Simple validation of xrootd-monitoring-collector passed.  
    -   Data collected for production validation, now to correlate the 2 sources, collector and remote xrootd server.  Difficult step.
-   (in progress) Development on perfsonar tape-backup flow with John.  
    -   Working with UChicago
-   (in progress) XRootD development for TCP stats.


### Discussion

None this week
