# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 24 June 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>
**Attending:** Marian, TimT, Diego, Mat, Carl, Derek, Marco Mambelli


## Announcements

BrianL at NYU this week, and vacation the following week. Returning July 5.


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT
-   5 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 154          | -1      | Open              |
| 28           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            |  0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Hosted-CE:
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): Make release of osg-configure
-   Blahp unification (Carl): Changed direction: building standalone instead of external;
    builds now, want to add a few changes (like reverting to old config file paths).
    TimT: that works along with Condor's new strategy of not using externals and always using proper builds.
-   AI (Mat): Mat verified /icecube accessible via stashcp, cvmfs;
        waiting on Benedikt to try it out
-   Madison ITB fixed (was broken due to a pool password misconfiguration)
-   Next doc focus July 25 (1:30-5:30pm CDT)


### Discussion

- osg-notify script updated to allow skipping DNS check; Diego tested
- glideinwms 3.5 needs to get promoted to testing


### Support Update

- Need to discuss with CalTech and CMS their desire to set up a new SC origin
- Bockjoo running into issues with Slurm probe w/ Slurm v19; he made a tweak to the SQL so that it worked for him.  Maybe we can merge his change.
  In the long run, want people to use the HTCondor-CE probe only
- Waiting for Patrick from SWT2 to test Slurm probe w/ fix for v18
- Need to fix WI submit host to report GLOW usage


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.32 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +3      | Open              |
| 8      | -2      | In Progress       |
| 6      | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 25     | +3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.32  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   gratia-probe 1.20.9
        -   cctools 7.0.14
        -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   IGTF 1.101
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

### Discussions

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Accounting audit is complete with Fred. Report sent out to Operations team, will send further along as needed.
-   DONE: Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity. Deployed and working.
-   cvmfs-authz-helper (cvmfs-x509-helper) - Derek ran out of time to tag / build.
-   XRootD Workshop went well.  Not many questions…
-   SAND meeting this week.  I’m sure there will be action items from this.
-   SLURM Gratia probe replacement has become urgent, will be done this week.
-   GRACC accounting taskforce - Tasking!!!


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
