# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 28 January 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

Operations F2F meeting to Tues-Thurs (<https://indico.fnal.gov/event/19580/>)  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Carl
-   6 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 146          | -6      | Open              |
| 35           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 4            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | -4      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.24  
    -   XRootD 4.9.0 RC4 soon
    -   AI (Mat): What's left for XCache 1.0.1?
    -   AI (Mat): Update gsi-openssh version
-   XCache container due at the end of the month


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): high load on some worker nodes (`ls /tmp hangs`) with some ATLAS jobs using 100% of swap
-   FNAL (BrianL): Issues with the HTCondor accounting fix, Farrukh is in direct contact with the HTCondor team
-   Georgia Tech (Edgar): Cache registration needs to be updated to support XCache 1.0
-   Internet2 (Edgar): Bug in CVMFS fault-tolerance that is being addressed upstream
-   Notre Dame (Edgar): issue with accessing Boone and other FNAL experiments from Stash Cache. Turned out to be an issue with two old squids at the UW CMS T2 that were open to the public and that IceCube depended on these squids so they can't be turned down. IceCube and Edgar will work on solutions so that they don't rely on the UW squids any longer.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.24 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 7      | +7      | Open              |
| 15     | +15     | In Progress       |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 27     | +27     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.24
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.6.0
        -   Upcoming
            -   Singularity 3.0.3
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Upcoming  
            -   HDFS-FUSE for EL6
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Ping Marian to test xrootd-lcmaps


## OSG Investigations Team

-   OSG Ops meeting next week, investigations is deeply involved in ops.
-   Lots of changes to the perfsonar infrastructure software.  Should be in "testing mode" this week.
-   Lots of performance tests by the experiments that may lead to xrootd bug reports which we will be facilitating.
-   GRACC updates for hosted CE gratia probe fixes.  Will need to do some data analaytics.

-   Need an update - Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches. Nebraska and KC cache first. Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Need an update - Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.

Done last week:  

-   Some more SciTokens


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

AI (Edgar): Coordinate with BrianL and Mat for k8s-ization of StashCache origin and hosted CEs
