# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 1 July 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>
**Attending:** Marian, TimT, Diego, Mat, Carl, Derek, Marco Mambelli


## Announcements

BrianL on vacation; back July 5.


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Mat
-   5 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 154          |  0      | Open              |
| 27           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 9            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Hosted-CE:
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host; tested by operations, now needs some tweaks and putting it in a cron job
    -   AI (Mat): Make release of osg-configure
-   Blahp unification (Carl): Changed direction: building standalone instead of external;
    builds now, want to add a few changes (like reverting to old config file paths).
    TimT: that works along with Condor's new strategy of not using externals and always using proper builds.
-   AI (Mat): Mat verified /icecube accessible via stashcp, cvmfs;
        waiting on Benedikt to try it out
-   Next doc focus July 25 (1:30-5:30pm CDT)


### Discussion



### Support Update



## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.32 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +3      | Open              |
| 8      | -2      | In Progress       |
| 6      | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 25     | +3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.32  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   gratia-probe 1.20.9
        -   cctools 7.0.14
        -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   IGTF 1.101
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

### Discussions

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   DONE: Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity. Deployed and working.
    - Bug in cleanup is causing it to fail now though...
-   cvmfs-authz-helper (cvmfs-x509-helper) - Tagged and built.
-   SLURM Gratia probe installed and running at Nebraska slurm.  Now need factory to submit jobs to the cluster.
-   GRACC accounting taskforce - Tasking!!!


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
