# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 28 May 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

BrianL OOO this Friday, 5/31


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   4 (-0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 159          | +1      | Open              |
| 21           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5 planning to start this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%203.5.0>
-   Hosted-CE:  
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): send email to Ops and UChicago admins to discuss design of managing CE configuration from a central host
-   Blahp unification: CHTC git repo and mirroring to GitHub complete. Working through HTCondor build issues.
-   AI (Mat): IceCube is interested in using the GLOW origin


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Talk to FNAL, factory folks about OSG 3.4 support lifetime (due to dropping EL6 support in OSG 3.5)
-   AI (TimT): Send expiration warning emails for OSG CA host certs


### Support Update

-   ATLAS (Derek): Update multiple sites in the WLCG accounting portal (NET2 and OU): <https://ggus.eu/index.php?mode=ticket_info&ticket_id=141350>
-   Syracuse (BrianL): troubleshooting issues with factory ops about the OSG VO's inability to fully utilize their idle cores


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.31 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 9      | +9      | Open              |
| 7      | +7      | In Progress       |
| 6      | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 22     | +22     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.31 - This Week
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singularity 3.2.0 (may wait for 3.2.1)
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   HTCondor 8.6 patch python packaging to match EPEL
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
-   Data - This week
    -   IGTF 1.99
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

| 3.4.30 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -10     | Open              |
| 0      | -10     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 15     | +15     | Ready for Release |
| 15     | -10     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.30 - Two weeks ago
    -   Singularity security release (new)
    -   BLAHP 1.18.41 (new)
    -   xrootd-voms-plugin 0.6.0
    -   osg-se-hadoop for EL6
    -   osg-pki-tools 3.3.0 (new)
    -   osg-test 3.0.0
-   Data - Fold into 3.4.30 release
    -   VO Package v91

### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Take over osg-sites mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email
-   No real kickers for a software release this week
-   We'd like to get nanoHUB VO client updates into this week's data release
-   TimT and Mat are working on getting IGTF CA certificate announcements to the osg-sw-notices


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Working with Operations on monitoring.  Added Hosted-CE's monitoring.  Continuing to refine.  Way too noisy.  Need to fix alerts.
-   Also working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.
-   Accounting audit is continuing in collaboration with ATLAS.  Pretty much done on our end.  Accounting portal appears updated.
-   Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity.  Ready for testing.
-   Creating cvmfs + scitokens repo to start testing scitokens enabled stashcache.
-   Factory monitoring to GRACC.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
