# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 15 April 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   8 (-4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+1) open GGUS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 171          | -2      | Open              |
| 29           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 17           | -2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -4      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   VO client  
    -   Need to release update to voms1.fnal.gov tomorrow
    -   Would be nice to include updated GLOW VO cert data but not required
-   3.4.29  
    -   Is HTCondor 8.8 ready to be moved into release?
    -   XCache 1.1  
        -   cmsd fix
        -   ATLAS/CMS binary packages
        -   osg-xrootd metapackage
    -   Hosted-CE improvements  
        -   osg-configure fixes
        -   WN client updating service on the CE
-   Doc Focus 2019-04-18 1:30pm CDT
-   library and ingwe will be retired and replaced by moria.cs.wisc.edu


### Discussion

-   GridFTP packages are tested but MyProxy packages have not been
-   XRootD 4.9.1 has been released and needs to be promoted to testing


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): They're using `/tmp` for their `OSG_WN_TMP` and HTCondor execute directories and this is causing issues since HTCondor and user jobs fight for space.  
    Recommended that they move EXECUTE off of `/tmp`, clean `/tmp` periodically, and look into Docker universe jobs or cgroups.
-   GLOW (Carl): Sent in the request to UW DoIT for the new VO certificate
-   GlueX (Edgar): Due to some certificate changes at the UConn frontend collector GlueX resources are unavailable to the frontends.  
    They aren't completely dead in the water, though, since they are flocking to the OSG pool.
-   Notre Dame (Derek, Edgar): some extensive network usage going back to Wisconsin so they've banned the GLOW VO.  
    Currently being investigated.
-   SWT2 (BrianL): the blahp does not appear to be refreshing proxies after 24h on WNs and this has bitten ATLAS.  
    Trying to determine if this is a configuration issue or a bug.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): We've provided Bockjoo a custom package to fix his missing accounting data from Jan/Feb.  
    There may be some complications because they have a temporary
-   UConn (Mat, Derek): setting up a StashCache origin is getting complicated to fetch from their local dCache.  
    Their XRootD-dCache is reporting to the OSG redirector (Freshdesk 8513)


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.27 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 2      | +1      | Open              |
| 5      | -1      | In Progress       |
| 19     | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 4      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 30     | +1      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.27 - This week  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   StashCache/XCache (13 tickets)
        -   HTCondor CE 3.2.2
        -   MyProxy using GCT
        -   cctools 7.0.11
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   GridFTP using GCT
        -   CVMFS 2.6.0
        -   koji 1.11.1-1.1
        -   osg-pki-tools 3.2.1
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Determine the number of times we've promoted packages to testing to see if we need a new mailing list for the community testing announcements


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Moving forward with new SciTokens setup at OSG-Connect.  Need to coordinate switchover.  Daily poking of osg-connect team.  Admittidely, they seem un-motivated.  Will motivate with&#x2026; snacks?
-   Derek's current status: In bunker, writing.
-   Investigating check<sub>mk</sub> probe that will check the status of hosted-ce's.  Direct query of glideinwms factory seems dubious.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  Will start investigating with Nebraska, next week.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
