# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 13 July 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Carl, Diego, Edgar, Marian, Marco Mambelli, Mat


## Announcements

-   Mat OOO tomorrow
-   TimT OOO until next Monday
-   Derek OOO next week
-   OSG User School this week and next week


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Carl
-   7 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 164          | +9      | Open              |
| 45           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 11           | -6      | Ready for Testing |
| 10           | +9      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.20
    -   AI (Diego): Investigate XRootD 5 VMU failures (SOFTWARE-3923)
    -   AI (Edgar): Work with XRootD developers to obtain a patch for XRootD 5 and build it in OSG
-   Containers
    -   AI (Edgar): Review XCache default directories PR (SOFTWARE-4159)
    -   AI (Edgar): Add `tcmalloc` to XCache containers (SOFTWARE-4166)
    -   AI (Edgar): Promote frontier-squid container to stable (SOFTWARE-4156)
    -   AI (Carl): Transition software base and Frontier Squid to GitHub Actions (SOFTWARE-4171, SOFTWARE-4172)
-   Enterprise Linux 8
    -   AI (Edgar): Test OpenSSL 1.1.1 support for xrootd-lcmaps (SOFTWARE-4150)
        - Testing via XCache not possible because Python bindings for HTCondor (for OSG) are not available yet.
            Edgar will test using xrootd-standalone
    -   AI (Mat): Add functioning VMU tests for EL8 (SOFTWARE-4072)
    -   AI (Mat): Build osg-wn-client tarball (SOFTWARE-4050)
-   AI (BrianL): Design a plan with Derek/BrianB to generate pilot records in the OSG pilot container (SOFTWARE-4169)


### Discussion

-   The task of tagging CC* resources will be performed by Hosted CE operators (for Hosted CEs)
    or by BrianL or delegate for other resources.
    Actual tagging will wait until the site's CC* status is public.


### GlideinWMS

- Developers continuing to work on Python 3 migration
- Marco will build test versions of GlideinWMS into the osg-contrib repos


### Support Update

-   Edgar working with Georgia Tech for fixing their cache;
    will set up a screen sharing session in order to speed up communication with admins.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.54 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.20 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 6      | +1      | 6     | +1      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 8      | +2      | 8     | +2      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 4      | -7      | 4     | -7      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 9      | +9      | 9     | +9      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 27     | +5      | 27    | +5      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.20  
            -   osg-xrootd 3.5-13
            -   scitokens-cpp 0.5.1
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HTCondor-CE 4.4.0
        -   Frontier-Squid 4.12-2
        -   CVMFS 2.7.3 / cvmfs-config-2.7.3 / osg-oasis 16-5
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   Edgar will check if the logging changes in osg-xrootd 3.5-13 are included in his current containers.

-   No release this week.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   OSG Summer School is this week, Derek is participating.
-   XRootD Monitoring Validation is ongoing, and taking significant amount of time (and development / bugfixes)  
    -   Report writing is continuing.
    -   Several patches accepted upstream.
-   CVMFS Singularity Sync is going to start using singularity to create the containers.  Working with interested parties on testing.  
    -   <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/cvmfs-singularity-sync/issues/245>
    -   Found some testing issues.  Working with interested parties, some are slow to respond.  But, Mats is happy.
-   XRootD 5 release and built in OSG.  Preparing TLS configurations for upstreaming, though bugs in xrootd5 are the current issue (watching xcache mailing list).


### Discussion

None this week
