# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 May 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT  


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   13 (+5) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 147          | +1      | Open              |
| 45           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 13           | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 3            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Reminder: Promotion requests should include a summary of changes in the requested packages that are relevant to OSG site admins
-   OSG 3.5.16  
    -   AI (Mat): Release HTCondor 8.8.9 and 8.9.7 (SOFTWARE-4079, SOFTWARE-4080)
    -   AI (Edgar): Release vo-client with EIC VOMS (SOFTWARE-4097)
-   OSG 3.5.17  
    -   AI (Edgar): XRootD 4.12.0 officially released upstream (SOFTWARE-4063)
    -   AI (Diego): Release XCache 1.3+ (SOFTWARE-4047)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugin .so's based on XRootD version (SOFTWARE-4093)
    -   AI (Carl): Release gratia-probe 1.20.13+ (SOFTWARE-3980)
    -   AI (Mat): Remove OSG references in HTCondor-CE view and condor<sub>ce</sub><sub>info</sub><sub>status</sub> (SOFTWARE-3963)


### Discussion

Marco has some Singularity and `condor_chirp` fixes and updates in GlideinWMS 3.6.3 (expected in 2-3 weeks)  


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): waiting on a response from Brown about registering their XRootD in Topology
-   JLab (Edgar): actively troubleshooting issues with submit hosts authenticating with different hosts with Let's Encrypt certs
-   LIGO (Carl, Derek): followed up on some extra VO attribtues showing up in the accounting dashboards
-   Notre Dame (Carl): answered questions about passing along AccountingGroup via the BLAH
-   SWT2 (Derek): had to do Slurm Gratia probe surgery for Oklahoma and UTA. We're getting tired of doing this so UNL is going to pilot using the HTCondor-CE Gratia probe at their Slurm site.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.50 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.16 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 2      | +1      | 2     | +1      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 8      | -3      | 8     | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 2      | +1      | 3     | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 1      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 12     | -1      | 13    | -1      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.16  
            -   EL8 wn client
            -   blahp 1.18.46
            -   hosted-ce-tools 0.6
            -   Frontier Squid 4.11-2.1
            -   GlideinWMS 3.7
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.16  
            -   CMVFS 2.7.2
            -   CCTools 7.1.5
            -   osg-ce 3.5-5
        -   3.4.50  
            -   XRootD 4.11.3
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): Create a follow-on ticket to fix the INDEX in the CA certificate packaging
-   AI (Edgar): Test the latest Frontier Squid package via the `fresh` container


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC transition now monitored with gracc-transition website: <https://gracc-transition.herokuapp.com/>: 99%  
    -   Marian can give status.
-   SciTokens + XCache - As always, very complicated...
-   Need to figure out the singularity container pruning.
    - Turned on garbage collection on the CVMFS repo.  Cleaned up a TON of space, no longer need to worry so much about pruning.
-   XRootD monitoring collector validation is starting.
    - Parallel infrastructure is 90% up and running.
-   Slurm gratia probe considerations


### Discussion

None this week
