# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  1 June 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Mat, Marian, Marco Mambelli, TimT


## Announcements

-   Carl OOO Mon/Tue

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   12 (+4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 147          | -1      | Open              |
| 44           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 9            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 11           | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   BrianL working on IRIS-HEP quarterly report this week
-   Due to the CA expiration, Koji builds from moria hang. Workaround is to hit `t` followed by `Enter` to accept the moria certificate.
-   OSG 3.5.17  
    -   AI (Diego): Move XCache 1.4-related tickets to RFT
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugin .so's based on XRootD version (SOFTWARE-4093)
-   Enterprise Linux 8  
    -   AI (Edgar): Test built XRootD packages
    -   AI (Mat): Build osg-wn-client tarball (SOFTWARE-4050)
    -   AI (Mat): Get CentOS 8 images ready for VMU tests (SOFTWARE-4072)
-   AI (Carl): Finish OASIS DN + SSH key endpoint (SOFTWARE-3947)
-   AI (Carl): Finish up new CE emailer (SOFTWARE-4057)


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   BNL (Edgar): Working on LIGO data frame data working, which is difficult because they get CVMFS config from EGI but cvmfs-x509-helper from OSG.
-   CMS (Marco): helped troubleshoot an issue due to CA expiration over the weekend because of stale CAs in a CMS docker container
-   FNAL (Derek): Worked to get accounting up and running on new cluster using HTCondor-CE probe with SLURM.
-   OSGConnect (Derek): SciTokens CredMon fixes.  Causing user submission issues, to top priority.
-   OU (Derek): Helped Horst get a CE up and running on an old cluster.  Though, Horst did most of the work.
-   Syracuse (Edgar, Derek): submit host reporting records as pilots
-   UFL (Marco): Troubleshooting issues finding local Singularity with SAM tests
-   Utah (BrianL): Pilots fail to report back to the gWMS collector due to a bad `X509_USER_CERT` set by Bosco. This is due to a bad Bosco tarball from the CHTC at least 2 weeks ago so any Hosted CEs instantiated during this time may experience these same failures.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.51 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.17 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 1      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 5      | -2      | 6     | -2      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 10     | +0      | 10    | +0      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 1    | -2      | 6      | -4      | 7     | -6      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 3    | +3      | 7      | +6      | 10    | +9      | Ready for Release |
| 1      | +0      | 4    | +1      | 28     | +0      | 33    | +1      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.17  
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.7
            -   HTCondor 8.8.9
            -   XRootD 4.12.1
            -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.7
            -   XCache 1.4.0
            -   stashcache-client 5.6.1
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
            -   EL8 wn client
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.17  
            -   GlideinWMS 3.7
            -   gratia-probe 1.20.13
            -   blahp 1.18.46
            -   Frontier Squid container
            -   Hosted CE container
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC transition now monitored with gracc-transition website: <https://gracc-transition.herokuapp.com/>: 99%  
    -   Marian can give status.
-   XRootD monitoring collector validation is starting.  
    -   Parallel infrastructure is 100% up and running.
-   Slurm gratia probe considerations  
    -   FNAL is up and running successfully.
    -   Nebraska is next, then the world!
-   New GRACC report for Tim sent out this morning!
-   Investigations team is helping with IRIS-HEP Analysis cluster demo at Nebraska.  BrianB and Derek are helping.  Derek mostly for xcache + tokens components.

### Discussion

None this week
