# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 14 September 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** Brian L, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Mat, Tim T


## Announcements

-   Next week's meeting canceled (HTCondor Week Europe)
-   PATh grant has been awarded!


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Diego
-   8 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   3 (+1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 166          | +2      | Open              |
| 12           | -4      | Selected for Dev  |
| 14           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 5            | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 23           | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Doc focus Sep 17 13:30 - 17:30 CDT
-   Tech team priorities this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=19&quickFilter=66>


### Discussion

-   UCSD team members (Edgar, Diego) will be moving to the GIL project,
    which is primarily involved in network and software performance testing;
    they will continue to provide OSG Software effort until the end of October.

-   AI (Diego):
    -   Build XRootD 5.0.2 rc1 for upcoming.
    -   Build python-scitokens.
-   AI (Edgar):
    -   Release vo-client in time for this week's release.
    -   Review and merge documentation PR about prescribed xcache locations.
    -   Present Data Lake talk at WLCG meeting tomorrow.
-   AI (Mat):
    -   Build osg-configure once Python 3 conversion PR is merged.
    -   Continue to work on OIDC auth for Topology.
    -   Write talks for HTCondor Week Europe.


Marco Mambelli:
    -   Working on GWMS 3.7 release candidate and GWMS 3.6.4.
    -   Troubleshooting condor_chirp issue with Marco Mascheroni.


### Support Update

-   Georgia State (BrianL): investigated Hosted CE SSH issues (in progress)
-   Georgia Tech (BrianL): assisted with their self-deployed SLATE Hosted CE with Lincoln + Judith
-   Swinburne University (BrianL): setting up a new Hosted CE for them via the CHTC Tiger k8s cluster
-   Multiple (Derek): Two WLCG sites not showing any EGI jobs; could be related to a restart of the "EGI Portal".
    OSG usage at EGI not showing up in the graphs.
-   CalTech (Edgar): Working with Justas to help him set up xrootd-multiuser with checksums,
    but running into a bug in xrootd/xrootd-multiuser that gives the wrong checksums.
    Running into GWMS problems after upgrading the HTCondor central manager to 8.9;
    will debug with Marco.
-   CMU (Mat): gfal-ls ticket given to Wei, but waiting on debug information; Mat will ping user.
-   Cesga (Mat): script trying to contact Topology via the old iu.edu address.
    Mat will help them switch over to the current address.



## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.55 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.24 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 11     | +1      | 11    | +1      | Open                     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 1      | -1      | 1     | -1      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 3      | +2      | 3     | +2      | In Progress              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 1      | +0      | 1     | +0      | Development Complete     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 7      | -9      | 7     | -9      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -1      | 1      | -4      | 1     | -5      | Ready for Release        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -1      | 24     | -11     | 24    | -12     | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.24  
            -   hosted-ce-tools 0.8-2
            -   stashcache-client 6.1.0
            -   XRootD 4.12.4
            -   CCTools 7.1.1
            -   EL8: Frontier Squid 4.12-2.1
            -   EL8: lcmaps 1.6.6
            -   Upcoming XRootD 5.0.1-1.4 (xrootd4 compat packages)
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.24  
            -   CVMFS 2.7.4
-   Data  
    -   VO Package v108
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   (No-progress) CVMFS Singularity Sync is going to start using singularity to create the containers. Working on testing, see github discussion:  
    -   <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/cvmfs-singularity-sync/issues/245>
    -   More feedback from interested parties and they seem to be happy. Will provide feedback when Derek is back from vacation.
-   StashCP Go implementation is ongoing.
-   Proactive site monitoring is progressing nicely.  Presented last week at Ops, good feedback!
-   UNL's production cache is 5.0.1, with SciTokens enabled.


### Discussion

-   Planning to upgrade XCache redirectors to XRootD 5 and change the config to
    require cache<->redirector commuication to use TLS.
    This will break XRootD 4 caches; almost all caches have been moved to XRootD 5, except for ItalianGrid.
    Edgar will get in touch with them.
