---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 22 January 2013

*Attending:* Dave D., Doug, Marco, Mat, Neha, Suchandra, Tim, Xin

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Tim this week, Doug next week; %RED%16 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:*
| OSG 3.x | 58 (–1) sites | 14 (+1) using 3.1.12 |
| OSG 1.2 | 41 (+2) sites | 2 (+1) using 1.2.31 |

---++ Accomplished

   * Finished !BeStMan 2 testing and promoted to osg-testing
   * Tested GUMS, !BeStMan 2, and !XRootD, plus dependent packages (e.g., !jGlobus)
   * Debugged problems with !GridFTP 6.14 and ended up untagging the release pending rebuilds of modules
   * Debugged and fixed problems with GUMS package
   * Packaged CVMFS configuration package for OASIS
   * Finished work on the good/bad skip changes in osg-test and promoted to osg-testing

---++ In Progress

Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are correct state.

---+++ Special Topics

   * Reminder: JIRA workflow changed (Tim)

---+++ Next Release (3.1.13)

   * !GridFTP: currently dropped, can we fix and get it in? is it worth it?
   * GUMS: gums-host-cron problems, etc.
   * !BeStMan 2: any remaining issues from Horst?, other testers?, change management
   * lcmaps, !gLExec, frontier-squid: Still enough time/effort to get tested?
   * Other?

---+++ Ongoing

   * Replace Oracle JDK 6 with something supported
   * New “Upcoming/Frontier” repository, initially for HDFS 2.0: Started design
   * SLURM: Debugging and find out about state of TTU work here
   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * Help debug Oklahoma (Horst)

---++ Coming Soon

   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * HTCondor-CE (February)
   * BOSCO (soon-ish, comes along with HTCondor 7.9)

---++ Planned For This Week

   * Finish remaining testing and minor updates as needed for the release
   * Push ahead with design for Java update and “upcoming” repository

---++ Notes

*lcmaps and !gLExec:* Dave said that they could wait until the next release.

*frontier-squid:* Dave would like to get it in this week since CMS and ATLAS are going to be asking sites to update soon. Upgrade is necessary due to changing of the monitoring server. Frontier-squid contains full configuration. Suchandra said that testing frontier-squid is kind of pushing it for the ITB, and Dave said that he might be able to wrangle some testers. If we can get adequate external testing in time, we will promote frontier-squid to production this cycle.

*GridFTP:* !GridFTP 6.14 included an ABI change that affects modules. Requires recompiling of DSI modules. Doug suggests leaving this until the next release due to lack of testing time. But, we still want to fix problems in development, so it would be good to do something soon. Doug wants to fix the problem correctly, so that it does not come up again later; he thinks he can fix it this week, but may get preempted for other tasks.

*GUMS:* There were broken JAR files in the package, but Doug believes that they are fixed. The el6 version needs testing. Xin can do functional testing of the actual GUMS changes.

*BeStMan:* Neha’s testing of 3.2.0-9 is done; test cases have been documented and documentation updated. Suchandra and Horst continued testing after Neha left. They encountered a problem due to the newest osg-ca-certs package (in osg-testing) due to one of the root CA certs being SHA-2. Caused problems with old clients connecting to the SRM server, so we need to consider change management and properly rolling out this change. Tim would like a brief list/paragraph of what's expected to work or break before the production call this afternoon. Suchandra and Horst are still testing Bestman, doing both SHA-1 and SHA-2 testing. UNL folks also use Bestman, with HDFS; we might be able to wrangle them to help us test this.
