---+ OSG Software and Release Teams Meeting, 3 June 2013

*Attending:* <!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Igor, !JohnW, Marco, Mat, Neha, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* !BrianL this week, Suchandra next week; %RED%18 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*JIRA Tickets:*
   * Open: 149
   * In Progress: 23
   * Ready for Testing: 12
   * Ready for Release: 3

*OSG Deployments:*
| OSG 3.x | 69 (–10) sites | 18 (+0) using 3.1.18 |
| OSG 1.2 | 28 (+0) sites | 1 (+0) using 1.2.32 |

There is a nice tracking table [[http://tinyurl.com/pacmansites][available as a Google spreadsheet]].

---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Accomplishments

   * Debugged problems with all three HDFS plugins and found (the single) fix
   * Tested the latest Gratia probes
   * Tested documentation for the tarball clients
   * Added details to the design document for a unified HTCondor RPM
   * Support!

---+++ OSG Projects

Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are correct state. %RED%Be sure to mark active work as _In Progress_.%ENDCOLOR%

   * HDFS 2 (Mat): nearly ready for testing?
   * SHA-2: update dcache-srmclient (Fermi) to very new version to support SHA-2 (Mat)
   * Update OSG documentation to integrate OASIS (e.g., CE install) (Marco, Suchandra)
   * Update osg-configure to support OASIS (!BrianB, Suchandra): not needed?
   * Simple HTCondor init script changes from Steve Timm (!BrianL): extra week FTW?
   * Gratia probes (Suchandra): internal testing, then promote

---+++ HTCondor Projects

   * HTCondor-CE: documentation review (!BrianL)
   * Unification of HTCondor RPMs (Carl): integration of Fedora spec file, list of remaining diffs, parallel universe support
   * Take on HTCondor Debian packaging (!BrianL): essentially on hold

---+++ Coming Soon

   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * BOSCO? (soon-ish, comes along with HTCondor 7.9)

---+++ Notes

*HDFS 2.0:* Problems should be ironed out. Should be able to promote to osg-testing by the end of Monday.

*SHA-2:* Neha’s testing done. GUMS, Bestman, Gatekeeper, CE all work. But, dcache-srmclient still has problems — updating the RPM on Mat’s plate. Probably will not make it into this release. Also, Suchandra’s testing is done. Did some additional testing: updated CE and GUMS to use SHA-2 DigiCert host certs, and ran ~1000 jobs via GlideinWMS. At this time, all SHA-2 testing is complete!

*GlideinWMS 2.7.1:* Suchandra asked Jeff Dost to update the integration factory; needs to ping him again. Probably will not make it to production this release.

*OASIS:* Dave Dykstra finished OASIS testing last week. Marco and Suchandra working on OASIS documentation; Marco is waiting on !BrianB and Scott Teige. Brian will be busy this week, but Marco should keep pinging him.

*HTCondor init script changes:* Still debating location of sysconfig files. !BrianL needs to test drain function — needs help from Flightworthy. May be able to fit in init script changes this release.

*Gratia probes:* Suchandra ran jobs went through the PBS gatekeeper that has the new Gratia probes installed. Needs to verify that the jobs that ran through the gatekeeper are registered and the files are properly being quarantined. Carl seeing website errors with the upgrade test, but unlikely to have been caused by the probes. Carl should talk to Suchandra to verify these are ready to be promoted. Carl and Suchandra should also determine if there is a clear bug with the Gratia website, that needs to be documented — possibly talk to Tanya.

*Documentation review for CE:* !BrianL having credential issues; needs to talk to Flightworthy.

*Unified HTCondor RPM:* Carl to bring in some features from the Fedora RPM into the OSG RPM. Will also make lists of differences between the OSG and Fedora RPMs. Hope to get to parallel universe support. Note that Fedora may not have any interest in taking our source package.

*Debian packaging:* On hold, although hearing requests from Debian community about higher versions.

---++ OSG Release Team

---+++ Accomplishments

   * 3 tickets ready for release

---+++ Projects

   * Release 3.1.19 (June 11th)
   * Testing OpenJDK 7
   * Testing HTCondor 7.9.6
   * Maybe Testing HDFS2
   * frontier-squid bug fix
   * !DigiCert SHA-2 testing (Is is done?)

---+++ Notes

   * Not enough external testing to be able to release.  Release delayed by 1 week.
   * Need to get more ITB sites.  Will have an ITB site in Madison
   * HTCondor 7.9.6: Testing later in the week.
   * !OpenJDK 7: Testing delayed until next week.
   * HDFS 2: Maybe able to test
   * SHA2: Testing done except Dcache-SRMClient.  New ticket for Dcache-SRMClient
   * OASIS config: test this week
   * client tarballs: test this week
   * frontier-squid: test this week
   * condor_procd dependency: ping Steve Timm


---++ Bonus Discussions

---+++ Software triage duties

Need to figure out what to do about software triage since we are splitting the team. Obvious options:

   1. Software team only
   2. Software and release teams
   3. Investigations, software, and release teams

!TimT said that he was fine with option #2, so we just need to check with !BrianB about option #3.

---+++ JIRA

The Release team “owns” the FixVersion field now — they will set it once a ticket is certainly assigned to a release.

Everyone else can propose releases in the Label field, i.e., marking when we hope to release a ticket.