---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 11 February 2013

*Attending:* Doug, Marco, Mat, Neha, Suchandra, Tim

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Neha this week, Mat next week; %RED%15 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:*
| OSG 3.x | 64 (+1) sites | 9 (+9) using 3.1.13 |
| OSG 1.2 | 39 (+0) sites | 2 (–1) using 1.2.31 |

---++ Accomplishments

   * Completed testing and other preparations for the 3.1.14 release
   * Added upcoming repository series to koji and Subversion
   * Clarified Fetch CRL documents and project plan
   * Updated GUMS documentation in final push toward (doc) release
   * Tested HTCondor-CE scalability and reported issues
   * Compared HTCondor memory usage from 7.6 to 7.8; found increase of 30%
   * Tested prerelease of glideinWMS on ITB factory
   * Submitted a draft Software section for the OSG annual report

---++ Current Issues

Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are correct state.

   * Release 3.1.14
      * Need wrangler: Suchandra?, Tim?, Neha?

   * Transition Doug Strain’s work %RED%this week!!!%ENDCOLOR%
      * Mat: HDFS, !XRootD, lcg-util (incl. rename), CE-Monitor, !GridFTP, RSV
      * Neha: GUMS, !BeStMan 2
      * Carl: osg-discovery, CVMFS, networking tools
      * Tim: osg-test
      * Wish Doug the best on his new adventures!

   * Migrate from Oracle JDK 6 to !OpenJDK 7
      * Distribute high-level plan to sites (Tim)
      * Start builds! (Mat, Carl, Suchandra?)
      * Prepare tracking table for builds and tests (Tim, Neha)

   * “Upcoming” series
      * Write high-level plan and distribute to area coordinators (Tim)
      * Finish preparing Subversion, koji, and osg-build for first builds (Mat)
      * Write and email how-to information for team (Mat)

   * Fetch CRL switch on EL 5
      * Check out [[SwitchToFetchCrl3][the new project page]]! (all)
      * Write high-level plan and distribute to area coordinators and maybe sites (Mat, Tim)
      * Start making package changes? (Mat, Carl?)

   * Make client available as non-root install (i.e., tarballs)
      * Continue design discussions (Tim, Mat, Brian, &hellip;)
      * Draft a high-level summary of the plan (Mat, Tim)

   * SLURM testing

   * Help debug Oklahoma (Suchandra, Horst)

---++ Coming Soon

   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * HTCondor-CE (February) — may be handled by Technology for now
   * BOSCO (soon-ish, comes along with HTCondor 7.9)

---++ Notes

*Release 3.1.14:* Going out tomorrow. Release 3.1.15 tentatively on 5 March. People should take a look at the package list. Suchandra to wrangle release.

*Doug Strain:* Must complete brain dumps from Doug Strain this week! We wish you the best out in California. Stay in touch.

*Java migration:* Mat working through a first build to make sure everything is working; working through some =ant= issues at the moment. Most things ready in Koji and Subversion to start doing Java builds. Mat, Carl, Suchandra to start hopefully later this week; others to join later on. Tim will build a tracking chart on the TWiki this week, with input from others.

*Fetch CRL:* Tim to (re)start project plan pages; did fetch-crl as a sample; please send feedback. Intended audience is primarily area coordinators and other external people, although the plans will often contain milestone dates and so forth that should be of interest to the team as well.

*Non-root installs:* Need to make progress, but got stuck; Mat and Tim need to talk to Brian B.

*SLURM:* Suchandra does not think SLURM will hit the 3.1.15 release. Need several weeks for testing, including a week or two for Igor’s scalability testing. So, we will say that SLURM support is in testing for the All Hands and aim for a release afterward.

*Oklahoma:* Suchandra running tests to debug the site for Horst. This will be Suchandra’s second priority (Java is top) this week.