---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 7 January 2013

*Attending:* Dave, Doug, Jeff, Marco, Mat, Neha, Suchandra, Tim

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Neha this week, Mat next week; %RED%12 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:* OSG 3.x: 59 (+1) sites; 10 (–) using 3.1.12; OSG 1.2: 41 (–1) sites, 0 (–) using 1.2.31 [numbers from 18 December 2012]

*People:* Madison is making good progress (finally!) on finding some good job candidates, so we _may_ see a new team member or two in the next couple of months.

---++ Accomplishments

Given the holidays, vacations, and missed meetings, this list covers a few weeks (and is still light).

   * Completed some !BeStMan 2 punchlist items
   * Finished scalability testing of the new !BeStMan 2 release
   * Updated !GridFTP to 6.14 for a bug fix
   * Tested yet another release of lcg-util (1.14.0), which still has problems
   * Retested !XRootD (3.2.7 this time) for GSI problems, seems OK
   * Lots of support

---++ Issues

Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are resolved/closed when done.

---+++ Next Release (3.1.13)
   * Still need to pick a date
   * !BeStMan, jGlobus, GUMS: Final punchlist items
   * !XRootD: 3.2.7 is good
   * Upgrade to fetch-crl3 on el5: Maybe

---+++ Ongoing

   * SLURM
   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * Help debug Texas Tech (Alan Sill et al.), Caltech (Steven Lo), and Oklahoma (Horst)

---+++ Coming Soon(ish)

   * New “Upcoming/Frontier” repository, initially for HDFS 2.0 (January)
   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * CVMFS (for OASIS) (January)
   * HTCondor-CE (February)
   * BOSCO (soon-ish, comes along with HTCondor 7.9)

---++ Actions

(to be resumed next week)

---++ Notes

*BeStMan etc.:*
   * Neha has a scratch build of !BeStMan 2 and needs to test it. Plus, there are a few remaining changes to make and test. Deployments already tested. Neha still needs to test SRM Tester. Neha estimates a week of work for this, so due roughly Wednesday next.
   * Horst and Ivona’s classpath issues need to be fixed, but this seems to be a known problem. That is, build_classpath fails if run from a directory user doesn’t have read access to. A fix should not be that difficult, if it’s just moving out of the directory first.
   * GUMS is done, internally, so we just need external testing.
   * Jeff initially encountered some scalability issues, but they were due to a file descriptor limit problem, which has been solved now. Scalability all good now.

*XRootD:* 3.2.7 is done internally and in osg-testing. Suchandra tested it with SHA-2 and works with both SL5 and SL6 GSI. 3.3.0 is not released yet.

*HDFS:* There are bug fix updates for HDFS 0.20 and 2.00. 2.00 is being tested by Brian, and he’s finding multiple issues with smaller modules, such as !GridFTP. Need to get started on the separate repository for the backward-incompatible stuff.

Need to see if voms-api-java is needed.

*Pakiti:* Mat should try Kevin's updated instructions.

*lcmaps:* Dave Dykstra had updates from NIKHEF that they are putting into the next major release. Dave thought that this was going into the 3.2 release, but we’re doing something different instead of 3.2. NIKHEF’s updates themselves aren’t disruptive, but Dave made some additional changes, such as a new metapackage, and that might be disruptive. With the more structural changes, we will need to test multiple upgrade scenarios for lcmaps.

*lcg-util:* Release 1.14.0 still has problems that we need to fix before we can include it in the next release.