# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  5 November 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

-   OSG Annual Planning Retreat at UW-Madison, 11/6-11/8


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   4 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 140          | +3      | Open              |
| 17           | -4      | In Progress       |
| 2            | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   AI (TimT, Carl): Update your [Year 7](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rm7Mw6dQqxtQF_xsfj8N4ySYGoBGjEE6TuIZFWOp-5k/edit?usp=sharing) and [Year 6](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13zwLbvecBNf3g66Fn9aozFu3KXZ0LmXqv8Ku3pltbK8/edit?usp=sharing) effort numbers
-   3.4.21  
    -   AI (Mat, TimT): osg-update-certs from the osg-ca-scripts package potentially has remaining dependencies on CA md5sums
    -   AI (Carl): HDFS-FUSE on EL6 (and uniform package versions/releease numbers across EL6/EL7)
-   XRootD Overhaul  
    -   AI (Carl): Following up with Bockjoo on [SOFTWARE-3396](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3396)
    -   AI (Mat): Add StashCache/XCache tests ([SOFTWARE-3360](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3360))
    -   AI (Edgar): Add XRootD multiuser ([SOFTWARE-3359](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3359)) and TPC tests ([SOFTWARE-3362](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3362))
-   Doc focus  
    -   AI (Mat): Send out a doodle poll for the next doc focus
    -   AI (BrianL): Review PRs, finish XRootD overview
    -   AI (TimT): start doc focus tickets
-   Only use site-relative links without the `.md` extension ([OSG markdown style guide](/documentation/style-guide#links))
-   Reminder: topology and especially downtime updates should be considered high priority. Please watch the [topology GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/topology).


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): Load issues and the trigger appears to be HTCondor/CVMFS/kernel related
-   New Mexico State (BrianL): BOSCO home dir sharing requirements for condor batch systems: WN client and glidein proxy distribution


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.21 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 7      | +7      | Open              |
| 3      | +3      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 10     | +10     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.21  
    -   Testing  
        -   Nothing yet
        -   Nothing yet
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   IGTF 1.94 (on-hold)
-   Operations  
    -   repo-update-cadist updates (low priority)


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Coordinate with Edgar about issues with submitting pilots to the Madison ITB


## OSG Investigations Team

Derek will not attend next week's meeting, on way to SuperComputing conference for StashCache presentation.  Delegating to Marian.

-   XRootD-scitokens 0.6.0, SciTokens 1.2.1, and PyJWT released.
-   XRootD-macaroons: Difficult to test, but tested!
-   StashCache presentation to WLCG-DOMA group went well.
-   Networking emphasis this week.
-   Giving StashCache presentation next week at SC18.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   None this week
