# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 12 November 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marco, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   Edgar returns Thursday
-   BrianL out next Monday, around the rest of Thanksgiving
-   The rest of Madison out Friday after Thanksgiving
-   Marian Wed - Mon around Thanksgiving


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL
-   5 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 139          | -1      | Open              |
| 21           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 3            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Topology resource, VO, and project pull requests may come in without IDs or GroupIDs.  
    We should generate the IDs for them  
    -   Update your topology checkout
    -   Run the corresponding script from bin/
    -   Make GitHub suggestions updating the relevant ID fields along with any other fixes to get the CI to pass
-   Moate is working on setting up a test k8s cluster in the CHTC
-   XRootD overhaul  
    -   AI (Mat): Add StashCache tests ([SOFTWARE-3360](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3360))
    -   AI (Edgar): XRootD plugin tests ([SOFTWARE-3359](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3359), [SOFTWARE-3362](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3362))
-   3.4.21  
    -   osg-ca-scripts update to support SHA2-only CA sums
    -   HDFS-FUSE support on EL6
    -   Optional rolling release repository for OSG 3.4
    -   Pegasus 4.9.0
    -   Minor fixes for Frontier Squid
-   Doc focus  
    -   Next doc focus on 11/29
    -   AI (BrianL): Review PRs, finish XRootD overview
    -   AI (Carl): Address comments in PR related to [SOFTWARE-3365](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3365)
    -   AI (TimT): submit PRs for doc focus tickets
-   Changes in effort tracking policy coming


### Discussion

To support multi-tenant hosted CE's, we can't enforce a 1:1 relationship for FQDNs and resource names


### Support Update

-   New Mexico State (BrianL, Mat): Pilots running without any changes necessary to the blahp!
-   GlideinWMS (Marco): Some issues with frontends ignoring blacklists. The next release of GlideinWMS will address this (first release candidate tentatively next week)


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.21 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 1      | +7      | Open              |
| 4      | +4      | In Progress       |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 12     | +12     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.21  
    -   Testing  
        -   osg-update-certs
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing Yet
-   Data  
    -   Perhaps IGTF?
-   Operations  
    -   repo-update-cadist updates (low priority)
-   Contrib
    -   Nothing

### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Get list of potential sites to update to HTCondor 8.7.10
-   AI (TimT): Close JIRA tickets related to osg-notify emailing TimC


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Derek at SC18 conference this week gives talks about StashCache
-   Scheduled network outage last Thursday @UNL went smooth without OSG services interruption hosted by UNL (had spare hosts up/swapped before that)
-   Work on critical fix for XRootD causing StashCache segfault, deployed at SYR and running fine since then 
-   I2 StashCaches (NY, UChicago, KS) now in OASIS after BNL Stratum 1 CMVFS upgrade


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
