# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 24 September 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>

**Attending:** Mat, TimC, TimT, Edgar, Derek, Marian
<!--BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimC, TimT-->


## Announcements

Both Brian and Mat out next week; TimT running meeting
TimT will handle promotion requests.




### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Carl
-   3 (-3) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 135          | +1      | Open              |
| 20           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 14           | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

Reminder: topology and especially downtime updates should be considered high priority.
Please watch the [topology GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/topology).

Carl is working on automation but is out all this week so it might take a while before it's ready.


### Discussions

none


### Support Update

- Edgar working on a HTCondor-CE ticket for Rice but needs help; Marian may be able to help
- Marian helped MIT with XRootD set up to support HTTPS; hopefully successful;
    were able to upgrade 3 of 6 data server but they have a mix of OSG 3.3 and 3.4
  - OASIS Replica production update ran into issues due to Kernel problems so downtime lasted longer than expected. Should be up and running now.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.18 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -1      | Open              |
| 0      | -6      | In Progress       |
| 14     | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 5      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 19     | -3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.18 - Release expected Thursday
    -   Testing
        -   HTTP patches for XRootD 4.8.4
        -   HTCondor-CE 3.1.4
        -   xrootd-hdfs 2.1.3
        -   Pegasus 4.8.4
        -   GridFTP 12.9-1.1 and GridFTP server control 7.0
        -   Gratia Probe 1.20.7
        -   tarball-client: remove cog-jglobus-axis workaround
        -   BLAHP: Proxy renewal in default configuration
        -   Fix "GRACC server not responding" warnings in RSV
    -   Ready for Release
        -   CVMFS 2.5.1
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4
        -   RSV 3.19.8
        -   GridFTP 12.9-1.1 and GridFTP server control 7.0
-   Data
    -   IGTF 1.93 Released today, OSG release expected Wednesday


### Discussion

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

In Progress:  

-   Shepherding the xrootd plugins through the release process.  
    -   xrootd-TPC - contrib
    -   xrootd-macaroons - contrib
    -   xrootd-scitokens - release
    -   x509-scitokens-issuer - contrib
- StashCache documentation overhaul!!!
- StashCache packaging is also being modified to include auth, and less copy-paste!
- We will start sending CMS XRootD traffic to the WLCG file transfer monitoring service (MONIT), in development.

-   (Still ongoing) The repo server is going to move, once again.  But there should be no noticable differences.  If there is, then we failed.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Last Week

-   **FIXED**: Discussions with with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points. Waiting on GeoIP issues to be worked out.  Should be FIXED with new update!


