# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 10 September 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimT


## Announcements

IRIS-HEP officially announced on Tuesday (https://www.nsf.gov/news/news_summ.jsp?cntn_id=296456&org=NSF&from=news)

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Mat?
-   4 (-1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 131          | +1      | Open              |
| 27           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Remember to add your outages to the OSG Software calendar
-   When replying to Freshdesk tickets, add yourself as a watcher!
-   AI (Suchandra, TimT): Update your [Y7 effort numbers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rm7Mw6dQqxtQF_xsfj8N4ySYGoBGjEE6TuIZFWOp-5k/edit?usp=sharing)
-   OSG 3.4.18  
    -   AI (Marian) xrootd-hdfs-2.1.2 build?
    -   AI (Carl): xrootd-lcmaps troubleshooting and build
    -   AI (Carl): kick off VMU tests against branch that supports xrootd-lcmaps < 1.4.0
    -   AI (Suchandra): kick off VMU tests against the new xrootd build
    -   AI: blahp, osg-test, htcondor-ce builds
-   AI (Derek): sugwg-scitokens.phy.syr.edu is uploading pilot records is unregistered in the topology


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Harvard (BrianL): still having issues with multicore pilots and their CE. Doesn't seem to be an HTCondor-CE issue at this point.
-   Topology (BrianL, Mat): fixup Purdue downtime, various downtime and contact registrations


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.18 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 6      | +4      | Open              |
| 9      | +6      | In Progress       |
| 4      | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 20     | +12     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.18
    -   Testing
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4 in OSG 3.4
        -   Gratia SLURM probe fails to log exceptions
        -   Fix "GRACC server not responding" warnings in RSV
        -   Gratia Slurm fails to log probe exceptions
        -   tarball-client: remove cog-jglobus-axis workaround
    -   Ready for Release
        -   CVMFS 2.5.1
-   Data
    -   Testing
        -   Update LSC and vomses for SuperCDMS and LSST
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Create vo-client-dcache
-   GOC
    -   Testing
        -   Nothing
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   Probably do a data release this week
-   Probably do a software (3.4.18) release next week
-   AI (TimT): get approval from Alessandra or Wei on the LSST vo-client updates
-   AI (Carl): find out the original reporter of the GRACC-RSV issue
-   AI (Edgar): test GlideinWMS 3.4.0

## OSG Investigations Team

In Progress:  

-   Shepherding the xrootd plugins through the release process.  
    -   xrootd-TPC - contrib
    -   xrootd-macaroons - contrib
    -   xrootd-scitokens - release
    -   x509-scitokens-issuer - contrib
-   Discussions with with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points. Waiting on GeoIP issues to be worked out.
-   (Still ongoing) The repo server is going to move, once again.  But there should be no noticable differences.  If there is, then we failed.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
