# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 27 August 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Marco Mambelli, Mat


## Announcements

-   2018-09-03 meeting canceled (Labor Day)
-   TimT OOO until Thursday
-   Suchandra OOO until Wednesday afternoon


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Suchandra
-   5 (-4) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 130          | +0      | Open              |
| 19           | +3      | In Progress       |
| 4            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Suchandra, TimT): Update your [Y7 effort numbers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rm7Mw6dQqxtQF_xsfj8N4ySYGoBGjEE6TuIZFWOp-5k/edit?usp=sharing)
-   AI (Derek): sugwg-scitokens.phy.syr.edu is uploading pilot records is unregistered in the topology
-   A few submit hosts are uploading pilot records. Why? How does the Gratia probe decide what kind of record to upload?
    -   [User support documentation](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/submit/osg-flock/)


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl, Edgar): Review the user support Gratia configuration
-   AI (Mat): request GlideinWMS 3.4.0 promotion so that Marco can test it


### Support Update

-   Arizona State (BrianL, Suchandra): consistently running 240 pilots through their hosted CE. Reverse DNS still an issue for their own CE.
-   Cyverse (Mat) - aragon submit host topology registration
-   LIGO (Edgar) - performance diffs between reading lots of small files vs big files of the same total size. They are seeing 10x the number of read failures for the small files case
-   Harvard (BrianL): still having issues with multicore pilots and their CE
-   UC Davis (BrianL): mixed CE and backend HTCondor configuration. Documentation updated to clarify the difference between a CE and backend HTCondor.
-   UFL (BrianL, Edgar): xrootd-lcmaps still doesn't respect the &#x2013;policy option


## OSG Investigations Team

In Progress:  

-   XRootD documentation and docker overhaul is ongoing.  Organized in StashCache in collaboration with Slate and NRP (PRP) collegues.
-   Shepherding the xrootd plugins through the release process.  
    -   xrootd-TPC - contrib
    -   xrootd-macaroons - contrib
    -   xrootd-scitokens - release
    -   x509-scitokens-issuer - contrib
-   Discussions with with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.  Waiting on GeoIP issues to be worked out.
-   (Still ongoing) The repo server is going to move, once again.  But there should be no noticable differences.  If there is, then we failed.
-   Topology-itb server certificate failed last week.  Fixed by Mat, but underlying issue is that puppet is failing on topology-itb, or turned off.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   rsync service on the repo hosts have been puppetized but still need to be added to check<sub>mk</sub>. UNL admins to manually verify rsync functionality after the repo move.
-   AI (BrianL): Give BrianB a link to the XRootD use case doc
