# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 May 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Mat, Suchandra


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Suchandra
-   17 (+4) open tickets
-   2 (+2) open host certificate tickets
-   21 (+10) open user certificate tickets
-   4 (-4) open LCMAPS VOMS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 109          | -1      | Open              |
| 31           | -9      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 8            | +7      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Support:  
    -   Footprints host and user cert tickets are a burning priority with the May 31 OSG CA service retirement
    -   Derek: What were the results of the Freshdesk/HCC RT test?
        - Creation: Went well.  Created on Freshdesk side.  No email storm.  1 email on either queue.  +1 email to RT because it's a new user, and freshdesk wants it to register as a user.
        - Resolution on FreshDesk: Resolved on freshdesk side worked as expected.  The "resolved" email created a new ticket in RT, didn't link to old ticket (expected, since RT only looks at it's own injected subject line)
        - Resolution on RT: Created a small email storm.  Sent new emails to freshdesk, which created new tickets.  Additionally, RT received error mail that it could not send to "user-support@opensciencegrid.org" email list.  There were at least 3 new tickets in freshdesk from this interaction.  And at least 3 more to RT.  I got worried, and started deleting emails as fast as I could.
-   OASIS data updater issues last week due to old repo.grid.iu.edu references
-   Koji builds were broken due to CentOS repo issues
-   JIRA migration: Weekly JIRA ticket summary isn't being sent
-   Office hours: Tuesdays 2-3pm CDT


### Discussion

-   Freshdesk allows you to close tickets without sending an email and may help avoid email storms
-   The OASIS login node is puppeted and we should add a recipe for updating the  WN client tarball install


### Support Update

FusionGrid (BrianL): They want to transition off of their GRAM CE. It's not clear why they're part of the OSG as they don't offer cycles or use cycles outside of their own site.


## OSG Investigations Team

GOC Transition is going to dominate the Investigations Team's time over the next couple of weeks.   I want to give general status of the transitions we are participating in.  So, I will give a couple of states:  

1.  Have not started
2.  In development - Could be provisioning hardware, adapting software, installing software&#x2026;
3.  Ready for testing - In a state where it can be tested by the consumers
4.  Deployed

| Service               | Status   |
|--------------------- |-------- |
| OIM                   | Deployed |
| OASIS                 | Deployed |
| CVMFS                 | Deployed |
| Software Repo         | Deployed |
| OSG Display           | Deployed |
| StashCache Redirector | Deployed |
| OSG Collector         | Deployed |

Changes:  

-   OSG Collector: Social campaign for the OSG collector has started!  Look for freshdesk tickets.
-   OIM: New OIM is up and running.  DNS change was on Thursday, as scheduled.

**Done with transitions!?!**

### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

Derek: There is a command that users can run to verify that they're sending ads to the new central collector
