# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 25 June 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimT


## Announcements

-   CHEP (July 7 - July 13): Edgar attending (also at CERN the week before)
-   OSG User School (July 9 - July 13): BrianL, Derek, TimT attending


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT
-   7 (-4) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 116          | +1      | Open              |
| 28           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 15           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   Goal is to release next week, get builds RFT at the beginning of the week
    -   Waiting on builds for osg-configure, osg-pki-tools, and RSV
-   Firewall rules for the Madison ITB need to be updated to allow the UCSD factory
-   Remember to update your Y7 effort tracking numbers. I'd also like to start tracking time spent on specific-projects.


### Discussion

-   Mat is developing a process to upload tarballs to repo.gridcf.org. He will run it by Mattias after we test it with the pre-release tarballs.
-   Carl (AI): update firewall rules on Madison ITB


### Support Update

-   IceCube (TimT): Users had issues with CILogon OpenID user certs
-   Topology (BrianL, Mat): Miscellaneous topology and contact updates
-   University of Florida (Derek, Carl): Missing jobs in GRACC.  Spoke with Carl, may be race condition in how we handle Slurm job with gratia probes.  Will recommend the HTCondor-CE gratia probe, if possible.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.14 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 6      | +6      | Open              |
| 7      | +7      | In Progress       |
| 13     | +13     | Ready for Testing |
| 2      | +2      | Ready for Release |
| 28     | +28     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.14
    -   Testing
        -   glideinWMS switchboard???
        -   RSV with Apache 2.3
        -   gratia
            -  twiki links
            -  PBS/LSF update last timestamp for empty log file
            -  htcondor-ce spam control
        -   BLAHP - new version
        -   HDFS 2.6
        -   lcmaps-plugins-verify-proxy
    -   Ready for Release
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4 (Upcoming)
        -   OWAMP 3.5.6
-   Data
    -   Nothing yet
-   GOC
    -   Testing
        -   repo-update-cadist: RPM packaging (Waiting for other changes)
        -   Drop mirror.batlab.org from mirror list
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing yet


### Discussion

-   Need to update process for generating and uploading src debs for the CA distributions
-   Holding back glideinwms-switchboard
-   TimT (AI): If IGTF releases, Zalak may be unavilable. Contact the security team.


## OSG Investigations Team


### Operations

Derek's Operations time will be going down by mid-july.  Put onto other projects.  I will coordinate with ops for any development that is needed, but things like puppetizing and day to day operations, I will not be involved in.

TODO:  

-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Discussion of SLA's, availability metrics&#x2026;
-   Puppetize: Collectors, ~~topology~~, GRACC
-   One of the OASIS nodes moving to new host, need to send announcement.


### Investigations

In Progress:  

-   Working on releasing Writeable Stashcache as production
-   Beginning work with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   Anvil Cloud downtime: HCC offered hardware to hold us over and they should be up 1 week before the downtime. The exact downtime dates aren't scheduled yet.
-   Derek (AI): separate actual hosts for ITB host (instead of VHosts). Waiting on puppet modules.
-   Marian (AI): replica needs to be rebuilt, email BrianL, Derek, Jeff, TimC, and TimT about SLA and notification
