---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 24-Oct-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Padmanabhan, Anand
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Documentation

Storage documentation is in good shape, with just minor ends and bits to be handled. 

VO Area needs a navigation page--Terrence will do it along with some other VO area documentation. 

For November 1 release, we need VOMS (Steve has got it under control), worker node, client, and glexec: all are in good shape. Marco will work on the navigation page for the client. Need page on Condor--how to get if you don't want the default. 

Doug asked a question about pages like "Validate*", such as "ValidateBestman". Are we transferring those over? What should we do? Jim is unsure if we need them. We decided during the meeting that we don't need to move them over--for the most part we should put these in the installation documents. 

---++  Possible big Globus update, and its scheduling

We have Globus 5.2 in our repository, and Globus hasn't shipped it yet. Our hope is that they'll get it into EPEL and we don't have to ship it anymore. In the meantime, we put Globus into our repository. Because Globus bumped the version numbers on shared libraries, we had to copy lots of software from EPEL (like lfc and others) then rebuild them against our Globus. 

When the Globus Team approached the EPEL folks, they EPEL folks said this was a non-starter. If the version numbers are bumped, it affects all software built against Globus, whether in the EPEL repository or other repositories. They didn't want to deal with this.

So the Globus folks went home and thought. (Queue image of Auguste Rodin's "The Thinker".) They came up with a way to do everything they need to do in Globus 5.2 while maintaining backwards compatibility with software linked against Globus 5.0. This completely rocks. Of course, it means a new build of Globus. 

I'm worried: at the point at which we switch to the new Globus, we potentially make life complicated for upgrades because we'll drop lots of software from our repository and users will just get it from the EPEL repository instead. In theory this will work very smoothly. In practice... ? I don't know. Care to guess? Should we inflict this on our users?

And herein is our choice, which we discussed:

1) We can get the new Globus 5.2 pre-release soon (possibly today) and put it into the VDT. We may be able to drop some of the software we copied from EPEL. This will delay our release date for sure (a few days? a week), but if it turns out to be awkward to update, we've done it before we release any software based on Globus. 

2) We can delay the Globus 5.2 update and ship our software on time. This has the potential for awkward updates for our users later. 

There was a lot of discussion but not a consensus. We are leaning towards #2. Alain is discussing further with the Globus team and the ABCD team.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alex*: The new Bestman will work with Java 6 and 7. Work progresses. Expected timeframe for the new release: first week of December.
   * *Doug*: Mostly focused on documentation. Will run through test of RSV, particularly the storage probes. Hadoop documentation needs more work, have been working with Jeff. There's still quite a bit of work to do. Xrootd 3.1 was released and pushed into testing. Doug asks: when will we release the storage elements? By and large, we'll release them as soon as they're tested. Alain would like CMS and/or ATLAS to do external beta testing of our Xrootd. Alain will re-ping Rob Gardner about testing, now that we have Xrootd 3.1. We might not release immediately depending on what happens with Globus (see above) for !GridFTP. Also Doug is talking to Tanya to make sure storage stuff has been transitioned okay. No need for extra work.
   * *Igor*: Tried to get CE & worker node installed to test glideinWMS install. Got stuck with CE install due to environment problems. Alain will have fix within 24 hours. This stopped his testing. 
   * *Jeff*: Big picture of HDFS: everything is there and working. Have tested update from old repo to new repo. There are a couple of minor tweaks to the installation process. Will create documentation on transition from Caltech repo to VDT repo. Doug will work with Jeff this week to wrap it up. 
   * *Marco*: Focused on documentation and some testing. Have tested CE and clients. Have been doing some testing with Xin for LFC. 
   * *Mat*: Forsees Globus work in his future. Took care of problems in LIGO. Working on updating some RSV probes. Working on new JDK package needed for security update. 
   * *Neha*: Welcome back Neha! Has talked to Doug about what's going with storage probes. Looking over documentation. Will talk to Alain later today. 
   * *Scot*: Got some good feedback from Suchandra for RSV, started on fixed for that. Started making ITB site here. Updated JDK for Pacman release.
   * *Suchandra*: Has been updating osg-configure. Correctly updates default job manager. Updated Xrootd site to 3.1.0.
   * *Terrence*: Has been having problems with job submission, may be having problems with Condor-G. Doing some debugging. Alain wants to talk. 
   * *Tim*: Has been working on tail end of LIGO packaging. Buried in his class. 