---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 15-Aug-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Roy, Alain
   * Weitzel, Derek

---++ Apologies

   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug

---++ Status of Globus
Brian told us about Globus 5.2. 

He has a functioning, coblled-together Globus 5.2 CE. He built all of Globus 5.2 in Koji. Globus-job-run and Condor--G run. He's working with developers to deal with patches and some configuration. We will still need to patch some things. Shouldn't be hard to get it into EPEL, but have to wait, both to solve bugs and to interact with EPEL folks. Need to do some testing, particularly with more than 500 jobs. Globus still needs to package PBS, LSF, SGE interfaces. Brian is done in OSG Software at the end of the week. Brian is trying to hit a milestone by the end of the week in terms of functionality. 

---++ CA Certs

Brian has been working on this. Security team wants four different CA packages, all mutually conflicting. If admin doesn't specificy one, they should get OSG-recommended default. There are a few moving parameters to get right. Brian is helping put these together, then we'll let the security team maintain it. All RPMs will provide  "grid-certificates", and the _Provides_ has a version number (in addition to the package version number) so you can easily select the default CA. 

Brian has prototyped this, looking good. 

---++ Testing repo

Doug fixed osg-discovery, which was the blocker for pushing the osg-client to test. 

---++ Plan/Effort

Alain talked about the [[RPMTimeline][RPM plan]] and the need to track effort.

---++ Assigned work/status of work

   * Alex: Releasing new version of Bestman 2 next week. Focusing on Bestman release. Looking for other sources of funding from HEP office.
   * Brian: GT 5, certs (see above)
   * Derek: Working on getting the testing repo going. 
   * Doug: Out sick, finished osg-discovery tool over the weekend.
   * Igor: Alain will talk to him about evaluations.
   * Marco: Will check with Dan and let me know if we can use him. 
   * Jeff: Hadoop 0.20 release nearly done. Plausible to move into standard VDT repo, will set up phone call with Jeff, Brian, and Alain to discuss later this week. 
   * Mat: osg-build in good state, can proceed with other work. Alain will talk to him about testing right away.
   * Scot: RSV is in pretty good shape, on schedule. About half-done with updating =configure-osg= to directly use =rsv-control= in order to configure RSV. Will work on CA scripts (=vdt-ca-manage= and =vdt-update-certs=) beforing finishing that. 
   * Suchandra: Working on gratia configuration, done by tomorrow. Will try resolve config.d-style configuration wtihin a day or two. 
   * Tanya: Finishing VOMS. Looking good with trial deploymnet at Nebraska. Have some Gratia probe tickets, re-assigned from Neha. 
   * Tim: Will work on LIGO RPMs or testing. 

---++ Open Questions/Concerns

Jeff wondering about the interaction with the new CA cert RPMs. No need to worry in the existing repo, but will need minor updates for CA certs as part of transition to the new repo. 

Brian: procedural question. How do we handle tickets for non software team members? Brian suggests due dates for tickets so we get notification. Alain is fine with that, but will also do regular ticket reviews. 