---+ OSG Sofware Team Meeting, July 11, 2011

---++ Attending

   * Alain
   * Alex
   * Doug
   * Jeff
   * Neha
   * Tanya

---++ Agenda

   1. Status Updates
   1. Plan for next week's Build Fest 2011
   1. Weekly OSG Software Team Meetings

---++ Status updates

*Alain*:  Planning build fest

*Alex*: Booked travel for next week. Trouble with GSI at NERSC for ATLAS. Tanya and someone from University of Chicago helping--trouble with GUMS. Eventually solved configuration issue. Released new 2.1.0 release. Final release of changes needed for RPM packages. Configre script no longer used at run-time in RPM, just during building.

*Doug*: Primarily working with transition to RPM with Bestman. Been working with pre-releases, will do 2.1.0 release shortly. Work with Bestman is mostly done. Can work on other things. Xrootd DSI is done. Might need some tweaking. Doesn't work in mock. Needs some help. Action: Connect Derek & Doug on this packages.

*Jeff*: Just about finished tying up loose hands for Hadoop 0.2.0 release out. Has been working on upgrade process to make it smoother. Fixing minor problems. Thinks RPMs are ready and need to update documentation on procedure. Gotten help from Tanya and Neha on documentation. Need stable version of Bestman RPM, thinking of taking Doug's new RPM because of new configuration. Want to move it into the regular VDT RPMs. Action: Ask questions of Jeff. Configuration for Tier-3 admins are sticky points? 

*Neha*: Working on Hadoop documentation (both "setup" and "understanding". Set up Hadoop testbed on cloud testbed. Documentation is looking good. Also tested Gratia probes. Unsure how to set up Gratia probes for Hadoop--problem is due to out of date documentation that Brian is supposed to update. Jeff pointed her at another appropriate document. 

*Tanya*: Spent most of time testing Bestman packages. Have a problem with Fermi client Pacman package. Asked developer to look at it. Also testing !RPMs. Done some Hadoop testing.

---++ Plan for next weeks Build Fest 2011

Description: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/2011-07-BuildFest

Tanya asked about packaging for Tomcat applications. EMI vs. â€¦ (no detailed notes here.)

Tanya asked about Java builds that include JAR files beyond the application. For now, we leave them there in order to get working packages. Long-term we will try to build them properly.

Doug: interested in plan and layout. 

---++ Weekly OSG Software Team Meetings

Will start next week. 