---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 1-Aug-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug
   * Weitzel, Derek

---++ Goals for next week's OSG Site Admin Meeting

Our mail goal is to have working clients & VOMS installs, ready to test by site admins.

At the OSG site admin meeting we'll havee Doug, Alain, Derek, Jeff and Marco. 

Alain will talk about RPMs at the plenary and give a demo/hands-on on Wednesday. Doug and Derek will provide back-up at the demo. 

Open tasks for next week:

   1. Testing of clients. This is [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-98][SOFTWARE-98]], assignd to Marco.
   1. Testing of VOMS. This iis [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-99][SOFTWARE-99]], assigned to Derek.

---++ State of CE

The CE is not required for next week's site administrator meeting, but lots of work has been done on it. In particular, Brian has done a lot of work with GRAM 5, and it has problems due to the fact that GRAM 5 has always been run as non-threaded code but the EPEL version is both threaded and completely untested. Brian has several patches that seem to help and is making good progress towards a working version.

---++ State of ongoing work

   * Derek, three talks for site admin meeting, documentation for testing gratia probes, testing VOMS
   * Doug: three talks for site admin meeting, working on managed fork & condor-nfslite. Will do Condor job manager next. New Bestman release. 
   * Igor, finish documenting VO client packge. Prepping to do real Globus tesitng at UCSD. Will try out installing and running Condor job manager as it is now.
   * Marco: Nearly done with OSG site web page. 
   * Mat: Nearly done with basic koji integration. Then adding mash.
   * Jeff: Hadoop 0.20 release. Prepping talk on Hadoop and two talks on Glideins 
   * Scot: RSV, working on condor-cron next. Tickets will be in JIRA.
   * Suchandra: Working on gratia support in configure-osg. Alain made [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-100][tickets for configure-osg]]. Working on 2 presentations on OSG site admin conference. 
   * Tanya: Bestman testing. Ticket for VOMS upgrade

---+ Configure-OSG Question

We talked for a while about minor improvements to configure-osg. Should we make /etc/osg like a "config.d" directory, where all .ini files are read? This lets us expand easily. For instance, RSV can drop in the rsv.ini file. We like this idea, but we're not sure of the code implications elsewhere. Suchandra will look at it a bit. 

We also talked about an API for reading the config.ini file/directory. We may do this, but Alain wants to hold off for a bit until we have a better idea of what we're doing for configuration long-term. Tim should join the discussion. (This may be a good way to move away from config.ini eventually.)

In the meantime, the configure-osg package will drop down /etc/osg/ce.ini and symlink config.ini to ce.ini. 