---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 29 August 2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Apologies

   * Roy, Alain
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Weitzel, Derek (not really an apology, since he has been reassigned?)

---++ Building OSG RPMs on RHEL 6

Brian: The main lesson here is that we just need RHEL 6 build hosts. Tim/Scot: The (new) UW Batlab already has RHEL 6 machines.

---++ Loadable Modules

Brian: These cause real problems, because rpmbuild cannot inspect them for architecture. However, he has a proposed workaround. Unless there are objections (there were none during the call), he will start applying his macro code to each affected RPM.

---++ Individual Updates

   * *Alex:* Testing !BeStMan and !BeStMan 2 releases. Ran into filesystem delay problems at one Tier 3 (OU), but this appears to be a local problem, not a regression. Tanya will test new RPMs.
   * *Brian:* Working on xrootd packages for CMS: HDFS, lcmaps, etc. This effort is about 10-15% of his time. Brian will take JIRA tickets as appropriate. Trying to separate CMS-specific bits from general bits.
   * *Doug:* Working on meta-packages for Storage Elements (!BeStMan SE, !GridFTP/GUMS, !BeStMan/xrootd, Hadoop). Helping to deal with !GridFTP problems and patch.
   * *Igor:* Investigated the !GridFTP server under xinetd and init â€” essentially there is no difference. However, discovered a major problem with logging and lcmaps; when things start going bad, xacml starts writing log files at  120 MB *per second*. Igor is working on fixes with Dave Dykstra; basically, make it do exponential back-off instead of fail within 170ms.
   * *Jeff:* Moving packages from the CMS koji (at Caltech) to the OSG repository. First was Hadoop 0.20; there was definitely some ramp-up time involved. Next up: OSG-Hadoop, the OSG-specific config. Also ran into some mash issues, which are being dealt with.
   * *Marco:* No news.
   * *Mat:* Dealing with mash issues; it appears that moving files to a networked filesystem is the culprit, but the GOC has their own solution and we are moving there soon. Moving to GT5.2, but we found out that the Globus team says 5.2 is not binary compatible with 5.0. So, Mat had to add many pass-through packages to our repo, and now must do many builds and rebuilds; not yet half way through. Also helping with !GridFTP.
   * *Scot:* Handed off the certificate packages to the GOC. Now focusing on RSV configuration, which should be done soon. Out Wednesday through Friday this week.
   * *Suchandra:* Released the new osg-configure stuff (previously documented).
   * *Tanya:* Testing and fixing Gratia probes. Brian reviewed the dCache one, wants Suchandra to test. Working on others, will ask for testing as needed.
   * *Tim:* Writing a functional test system from scratch. Mostly working through as many technical points as possible before Wednesday or so, when Tim and Alain must write a plan for the ET (phone home!). A very primitive test script runs, but is not worth sharing yet.

---++ Final Question

We have discussed in the past and are starting to hear complaints about a problem with RPMs: If you install a package (especially a meta-package), it is not really possible to remove it *and* all of its dependencies that are no longer needed. Basically, RPMs are great for adding to or updating your system, but not trimming it down. Can we do better? If so, how? Or is this issue just something we have to educate users about?