---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 14-Nov-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Gore, Brook
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchadra,
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Dealing with alternate Condor installation

We finished our discussion of how to deal with alternate Condor installations. (The conversation started on the osg-software mailing list.) When people install Condor from alternate sources (especially tarballs), the RPM dependency resolution does not know about it. Therefore, installing something like osg-ce-condor or osg-client-condor will install a new version of Condor which is undesirable. We have a few solutions:

   1. Make a new RPM called "empty-condor" that provides "condor" in order to fool RPM dependency but installs no files. Tell users to install this first. 
   1. Stop distributing Condor from our repository. 
   1. Remove dependency on Condor from all RPMs that require it: osg-ce-condor, gratia-probe-condor, globus-gram-job-manager-condor, osg-client-condor, osg-condor-flock
   1. Make a condor-relocated RPM which installs wrappers for all Condor commands and invokes them wherever they are. 

Summary of what people said:

   * Alain: Votes for empty-condor
   * Brian: Can live with removing dependencies, but advocates for the empty-condor. 
   * Mat: Votes empty-condor
   * Tim: No strong opinion, leans towards empty-condor. 
   * Suchandra: Leaning towards empty-condor. Matches analogue of empty-ca-certs
   * Neha: No opnion
   * Doug: Weakly advocate empty-condor. It encourages people to make a conscious decision.
   * Marco: empty-condor
   * Terrence: empty-condor

Decision based on team consensus: empty-condor.

---++ Release Process

Alain discussed the [[SoftwareTeam.ReleasePolicy][release policy]] that he proposed earlier. There are two significant changes from our earlier, ad-hoc process. 

   1. We'll add a new "osg-version" RPM that reports the current version of the entire software stack. It's only meaningful in the osg-release repository, and there are caveats on its usefulness (see the referenced document for details). This is what will be reported by the RSV osg-version metric and anything else that needs a summary of the version. 
   1. We're adding a new osg-prerelease repository. This is where we move the subset of changes from osg-testing, then we do brief additional testing to ensure that the entire release is coherent and correct. In general, we may not move everything from osg-testing to release, so this lets us verify that that the subset we will release actually does work. It's a little bit of extra work to do this, but I think it's an important step in making sure we have quality releases. In general, I expect we'll use the osg-prerelease repository only internally (not for use by users), and it usually only be needed for about a day.

Someone asked why we need this, since packages like osg-ce already have a version. Answer: The osg-ce version is different than osg-version version because it is revised periodically, and not on every release. For instance, it's already on 3.0.0-23, whereas we've only release OSG Software 3.0.2.

Someone pointed out the need for for a snapshot of the complete set of RPMs in a release, and we agree.

Suchandra said this sounds fine. 

Brian asked what point if of adding osg-prerelease? It's to have a way to ensure we understand what is going into the osg-release, and to coherently test as a whole. He also asked who the target audience is? It's primarily the OSG software team, but we'd let other people join in the testing if appropriate.

Doug asked why we need the osg-version RPM? It's to have a "handle" by which we can talk about our releases internally and with other people.

Tim and others suggested that it would be nice to have release notes and/or set of RPMs in the RPM itself. (Or, at least, reportable via some program in the RPM.) Agreed, but we probably won't do it for the first release. 

People didn't like needing approval from theOSG Software Coordinator from updates osg-development, particularly since they are reversible. Agreed that this should be when we move to osg-testing. We agreed, and it's been updated.

Suchandra encouraged us to automate the process of updating the osg-version paackage.

People agreed that it would be nice to be able to do downgrades nicely. Could config mash to keep older versions of RPMs. Alain will open ticket to do this.

---++ Release Checklist // What must we do before we release in two weeks?

Alain has made a [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&mode=hide&jqlQuery=project+%3D+SOFTWARE+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+priority+%3D+Blocker][Release Punchlist]], by marking some tickets as "Blocker". Everyone should check this list as well as the list of their own tickets. Is anything incorrectly marked as a blocker? Did we miss anything that should be a blocker?

---++ Status Reports

   * *Brian*: GRAM updates to make it more scalable. Have been eliminating problems. Could use renewed tests from UCSD folks. Only thing really concerned about memory usage in the GRAM job manager. Have three production CEs, four by end of the day. Terrence will test.
   * *Doug*: Took care of a lot of odds and ends for storage. Have five open tickets, cleared out blockers. Because Jeff is on vacation, will look at Jeff's tickets and close them as appropriate. Updated GridFTP RPM a bit, details in email. Jim asked questions about the documentation, Doug will check on the state. 
   * *Marco*: Working on documentation and xrootd RSV probe. Wrote it for ATLAS previously, Brian suggested it would be useful for CMS. So he rewrote it in Python. Committed and tested. 
   * *Mat*: Did Pacman Gratia update and automated testing in the Batlab. Working on Gratia RSV probe to get it ready for release.
   * *Neha*: Testing Bestman on top of Xrootd, switched to Bestman over regular disk. Looking at Alex's validation script, so she can help validate the next release. Not started looking at Bestman code. Doug says we'll move from the SRM Tester to the RSV Probes. 
   * *Suchandra*: osg-configure: Made a few changes, made an update last week. No blockers. Three  outstanding things: disabling SEG, editing lcmaps.db, and Globus firewall. ITB: testing is coming along. Will have CE up soon for HammerCloud testing from ATLAS. Xin is doing the same. Have contacted CMS folks (Frank, Tony, Burt) about testing glideins. Also getting in touch with other VOs. What we really need is having people run things on the various CEs.
   * *Tim*: Have been working on the automated test suite, currently testing VOMS, which is a many step process because it begins with an install. 

---++ Documentation

Need RSV documentation to be finished. Jim will talk to Marco & Alain about it. 

8 of the 18 blocker tickets are on documentation, and Alain owns five of them. We'll fix this ASAP, Alain, Marco, and Jim will talk after this meeting.