---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 22-Aug-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchadra
   * Weitzel, Derek

---++ Apologies

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Sharma, Neha

---++ State of GT 5.2

Brian: Brain-dumped to Mat and we have JIRA tickets. As of Friday, we could do a fairly full-featured CE. Gratia and GIP worked. Not aware of any missing patches--all Globus 5.0 patches have been forwarded.  Alain will contact the Globus folks to make sure they know to keep Mat and Igor informed. 

Next steps: take update from Joe (including PBS), then test things out. Evaluation with Igor can start very soon. ITB testing can move to GT 5.2 in the same time frame.

Doug asked about a problem he noticed: EPEL pulls in i386 when doing x86_64 packages, and it can effect updates. Brian says that it has been taken care of. 

---++ VOMS

VOMS has been deployed at HCC. Willing to upgrade to GT 5.2 if needed. GLOW will upgrade.

Suchandra: Keeping track of gotchas? Brian has been focusing more on CE, but he tries to fix gotchas as he goes along. 

---++ Planning

https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/RPMTimeline

Suchandra is updating plan for testing, nearly done. 

Tanya will update the plan for the SE by the end of hte day tomorrow. 

---++ Effort Tracking

Alain will send out the effort-tracking spreadsheet again. Please update your times for July and August. It's sufficient to tell Alain what you did and ask him to update the spreadsheet. 

I expect that most effort will fall under the "Native Packaging/RPM Transition" category. Work that was previously "Native Packaging/Xrootd or Community Packaing" is now "RPM Transition". 

---++ Individual Updates

   * *Alain:* Coordinating plan. 
   * *Alex:* Things are fine. New release of Bestman this release, going okay with testing, will give to Tanya by Thursday or Friday. Will be able to attend assessment meeting.
   * *Brian:* See GT 5.2 above. Helping Derek with Gratia probes. It's a bit of a mess, but starting to come together. It was a 2000 line spec file, like 600-character line of Perl. Having pushed things back to Gratia because we're waiting to get it all work, but will do that even though he's left the software team. Brian will slowly drift away and come less to these meetings.
   * *Derek:* (Had to leave for class)
   * *Doug:* Was sick part of last week. Discovery tool is fixed now. Has been looking at xrootd. Worried because .spec file takes flag to specify xrootd user but can't specify flags with Koji. But nifty patch from xrootd developer (Lukasz) will set user based on repo tag. Also testing GridFTP. Need some glue to connect with lcas/lcmaps. Asked about xinetd vs. init.d. Igor will evaluate.  [TODO: Assign ticket to Igor] Xrootd-DSI module now compiles. Pegasus team will now package it as an RPM, perhaps in 6 months, Doug sending them the RPM. Helping Mine and Anand with security packages. 
   * *Igor:* Doing preparations for evaluations. Trying to get access to FermiCloud, not quite ready. Terrence Martin is helping with local testing at UCSD, perhaps via virtual machines. 
   * *Jeff:* HDFS migration from CMS HDFS repo into our repo. So far, moved one RPM into our repo. It mostly worked but only built i386 and x86_64 packages, but not the noarch pacakges. Brian gave advice on marking the properties package in Koji--will resolve in the software chat.
   * *Marco:* Talked to Dan and has approval to work on software. Alain will work with him to find appropriate tasks.
   * *Mat:* See GT 5.2 above. Has been working on mash because it's causing too much load on the computer on which its running. For the moment it's running once a day in the middle of the night.  Our local staff have given us a computer (regular.cs.wisc.edu) that will be running mash very soon and when its ready we'll go back to updates every two hours. By September 1, the GOC will be hosting our official repo, though the SLA will not kick in until the end of October. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/RPMRepositoryPlan][GOC repo plan]].
   * *Scot:* Packaging CA certificate scripts. Renamed to =osg-update-certs= and =osg-ca-manage=. Working through final details. Expected to be done end of tomorrow. Scot will then resume with RSV configuration. RSV now works with Condor-G instead of globus-job-run, though not all probes have been udpated to use it yet.
   * *Suchandra:* =configure-osg= now works with directory of files. As a result, also have module others can use to read config file. Going to commit gratia configuration stuff later today, then packaging. We agreed that we'd move files like rsv.ini into sub-packages.
   * *Tanya:* Working on Gratia probe testing. Derek has been fixing problems that she's found. It's going well. Brian is worried that he's making a lot of fixes these Gratia probes--Tanya will test after he's done fixing them. 

----++ Configure-OSG questions
From Suchandra: Brian had a ticket about GRID3 envrionment variables that end up in the job. They've been deprecated for a long time. Should we drop them from the job environment? Same question about the =osg-attributes.conf= file which is a single file that jobs can source in order to get =osg-job-environment.conf=, =osg-local-job-environment.conf=, and some other stuff. Decision:  Suchandra will comment out the code that generates these for now so we can quickly recover it if needed. We will test in the ITB and Suchandra will ask users if they are aware of the need for them.