---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 7-Sep-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Engel, Robert
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Apologies

   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Sharma, Neha

---++ GOC repositories

The GOC started hosting our yum repositories. We did some work, tweaked things a bit, and they are ready to be used. In fact, they are the recommended yum repositories for you and for our users. The vdt.cs.wisc.edu web host should be considered a local mirror, probably not for general use. 

I've updated our documentation about this, and you can read it here: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/InstallVDTRepo

The relevant bits:

   1. We tell users to get the yum repo files from the GOC now: <pre class="screen">rpm -Uvh http://repo.grid.iu.edu/osg-release-latest.rpm</pre>
   1. Those yum repo files now point to the GOC by default. 
   1. The yum repositories are updated every 30 minutes. That means that osg-development will have freshly built RPMs within 30 minutes. If you need the RPM sooner, you can get it from the Koji-hosted osg-development repo (aka osg-minefield) or download it directly. 

The GOC is also hosting an rsync server so that you can host your own local repository if you like. Some rough documentation is available at: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/DocumentationRelease3YumAdvice

---++ State of Globus 5.2

We got the beta last Friday. Mat is getting into our repo right now. Next he'll do the builds and rebuilds of software that uses Globus. We hope it's done by Friday so that we can begin testing in earnest early next week. 

---++ Xrootd ready for testing repo?

Doug reports that all the storage element metapackages are done. Gratia probes are untested and/or not working, but otherwise looking good. Have tested with 3.0.4 and 3.0.5. Xrootd have tagged 3.0.5 release, so we're real close to getting it. Doug says we can promote to testing. One detail: xrootd-dsi should not be promoted to testing until we build it against GT 5.2 . Doug aims to finish this work (except xrootd-dis) and promote to testing by the end of the week. 

---++ Doc Fest

Fermilab or U of Chicago are good choices. 

Most likely invitees: Suchandra, Marco, Brian, Doug, Alain, Tim or Scot. Brian is probably not available. 

Availability: Doug is not available the first week of October. Suchandra is not available last week of September. Scot may not be available to travel for the four weeks before October 21.

---++ Uninstalling?

We need to solve our issues with uninstalling. With his technology hat on, Brian is helping out. The plan is to enhance an existing yum plugin (remove-with-leaves) to meet our needs a bit more. He'll prototype it, and if it works he'll pass it off for finalization to someone else.

---++ Status reports
   * *Alain*: Management.
   * *Alex*: Large jobs for STAR were done, and resulted in a few fixes for Bestman 1, but needed mainly for NERSC PDSF deployment, not needed for VDT updates. 
   * *Brian*: Uninstalling. Did a lot of Gratia refactoring earlier this week: spec file is four times shorter and has been pushed upstream so it's now a pass-through RPM. 
   * *Doug*: See xrootd above. Storage element metapackages are in good shape. Preliminary documentation on documentation page. Have been working on Xroot 3.0.5. Lukasz says they want to change Xrootd 3.1 to build with cmake 2.8, but EPEL only has cmake 2.6. OK to put it into VDT repo? Yes, but lets wait on doing real work with xrootd 3.1 until later so we can do other things now. Asked about RSV because he wants to do the pigeon tools. Scot says it's in good shape and we can now use osg-configure for RSV.
   * *Igor*: glexec seems to work, at least the basic stuff. Need to test better the worker node client with glideins. Basic tests work. GridFTP is basically done, but will redo tests for the scas timeouts before he leaves. Igor is gone next three weeks, after the end of this week. Terrence is his contact while gone.
   * *Jeff*: State of HDFS migration into VDT repo. Brian is done with his tickets. Last week, Jeff worked on HDFS 0.20 documentation so it can be released. Can be wrapped up in the next day or so, and then will resume work on remaining HDFS tickets. Alain will make a ticket for GridFTP HDFS plugin. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-240][SOFTWARE-240]]
   * *Mat*: See Globus 5.2 above.
   * *Scot*: Working on RSV. It's working now, at least for the basic metrics. The HTML consumer works, Gratia consumer hasn't been tested yet. Target: finish odds and ends by Friday, testing next week. 
   * *Suchandra*: Putting out new release to osg-configure, with symlink to configure-osg. Finishing up config.d: new option to query value/location of option, and separate RPMs for separate bits of .ini files. Gotten rid of GRID3 stuff. Will be done by tomorrow. ITB testing: ongoing, working on time lines. Talking to Nebraska and Fermilab for glexec testing. Can test glexec since it doesn't use GT. Putting up Pilot instance to test ITB instances. Been talking to Marco about ATLAS jobs at UC_ITB site and test worker node clients. Two beta sites for worker node: Nebraska & Fermilab. Has been doing work for Xrootd meeting next week. Working on test plans, will send to me soon. 
   * *Tim*: Working on internal testing framework. First pass: getting machinery in place to do tests and one test (does grid-proxy-init work?), and it's nearly ready. Should ship by the end of the week. Then we'll expand set of tests. Planning on moving to automated testing in the Batlab