---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 18-April-2011

---++ Attendees

   * Cartright, Dr. Timothy
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sim, Alex
   * Selmeci, Matyas
   * Strain, Doug
   * Neha,

---++ Announcements 

Still waiting to talk to Miron about the pass-through packaging proposal.

Scot: Updated gatekeeper to run a nice level 20 (lower priority) will be in next release. Most of your VDT time. Working on scripts to clean up Globus cruft soon. 

Matyas: Added small patch to fork job manager as well as larger patch to Condor job manager for accounting groups. "Just a rebuild away". 

Tim: Mostly focused on OSG Summer School. Largest percent of time for the next week or two. Sarah has taken a lot of the load for details of the school. School is last week of June. 

Alex: working some the NERSC Tier-3 that is having misbehavior, and working on solving the problem. Improving checksum calculations. There will be an update, but doesn't need to propagate to VDT yet. Also working on some packaging, but a bit stalled due to NERSC Tier-3 work, will get back to it soon. 

Jeff: Hadoop repository: troubleshooting the Hadoop RPMs. Got help from Doug and Brian. Right now, cannot install working installation. Three major sources of problems: (1)changing user from "root" to "hadoop" which prevents administrative tasks; (2) !GridFTP server uses LCMAPS instead of PRIMA and there were rough spots, but fixed now; (3) umask setting is currently incorrect. Relatively close to release. Will get more involved to release and making changes. Will require a bit more than 15% time to get up to speed; but 15% will be sufficient in long term. 

Tanya: Things are going fine. Last week released !Xrootd, in dev repo. One ATLAS Tier-3 has installed and got good feedback. Have not heard back from Doug Benjamin. Just added !XrootdFS. Only thing missing is !GridFTP DSI for dark energy survey. Tanya did a presentation for OSG Council. Has been working on Globus Online. Tanya's impression is that it's much more reliable than using globus-url-copy, but not so optimized. 

Neha: Worked with replica manager problems. Nearly finished SQL update for Gratia probe, just need to talk to Philippe and commit to source code repository.

Doug: Did a lot of packaging with !Xrootd. (See Tanya's report.) Created a small package to configure !XrootdFS. The !GridFTP DSI module: … DETAILS … Pigeon Tools: Doug was running Pigeon Tools and reporting to Gratia and he had failures that reflected badly on sites. Alain suggested custom .ini, Scot suggested !MyOSG should show who reported. 