---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 12-Dec-2011

---++ Attending

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Chism, Elizabeth
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Apologies
   
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Potekhin, Maxim

---++ Documentation
---+++ Areas Remaining:
   * 8 open tickets [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&requestId=10350][List]]
   * Jim will make tickets for navigation pages that need to be done. Examples:
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavAdminStorage][Storage]] - Doug - Complete
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavAdminCompute][Compute Element]] - Suchandra - To be Done
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavContributeDocumentation][Contribute Documentation]] - Jim - Complete
   * Security - Little to no change but documents need to be moved/copied from !ReleaseDocumentation to Documentation.  Jim will make tickets for Anand.
   * The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/RPMDocFestLists#Have_we_copied_everything][overall check of documents]] is looking good
      * Security 
      * Everyone: please update lines for documents that have been incorporated in other places.   (Include the appropriate link to the new document.)

---+++ January !DocFest
Preliminary goals: 
   * Complete documentation moves/updates for Release3.
   * Complete Navigation of Documentation and Documentation/Release3 Webs
   * Start documentation of 2012 software (GUMS, Gratia, Cream)?
   * Check for complete coverage and adequacy of Release3 documentation and update as appropriate

----++ Changes to Twiki indexing.
Elizabeth has been talking with Soichi and others and wondering if we want to avoid having some pages being indexed by Google. There is a ticket about this, [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/TWIKI-7][TWIKI-7]]. Jim certainly agrees that there are things we should archive, and some things that should not be indexed. A couple of us where concerned about not indexing meeting notes, so for the moment they will still be index.

---++ Tomorrow's general release

There was unanimous agreement to go ahead with tomorrow's general release. No blockers remain. The set of packages that will change in this release are:

   * InstalledCapacityReport-1.0-9
   * globus-gatekeeper-8.1-8.osg
   * globus-gram-job-manager-13.5-14.osg
   * gridftp-hdfs-0.5.3-1
   * hadoop-0.20-osg-0.20.2+737-10
   * igtf-ca-certs-1.43-2
   * igtf-ca-certs-compat-1.43-2
   * lcmaps-plugins-glexec-tracking-0.1.1-1.osg
   * osg-ca-certs-1.25-2
   * osg-ca-certs-compat-1.25-2
   * osg-configure-0.7.1-1.osg
   * osg-version-3.0.5-1
   * rsv-core-3.6.6-2.osg

And a big thank you to everyone for the hard work that lead up to this release!

---++ Next steps

Alain is beginning to think about next steps. He's considering a mid-January release to smooth the rough edges of this release. He'd like everyone to list the things that they'd like to see in such a release. No promises on what will go into that release, but we need to brainstorm this release. 

Igor asked about the plan for keeping software up to date? We're already a bit behind on Condor and lcg-utils. We'll do the best we can to keep up to date, but we'll temper that with only doing updates when they make sense. That is, we'll update when we need to, not just because we can.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alex*: (Via email):
      * We're trying to release a new on bestman2 version sometime this week
      * ATLAS support on CA handling issue: A user from APACGrid CA is having trouble in authN to bestman server randomly when GUMS server is used in the backend. When Gridmapfile is used, it has no issue. We're investigating and trying to include this issue in the release if it has anything to do with bestman. If it's dependency issue, we'll state that.
   * *Doug*: Working on update to !GridFTP-HDFS with Brian. Now in osg-testing, ready for tomorrow's general release. Last week we talked about having Bestman2 testing by Patrick McGuigan and Iwona Sakjreda. Unfortunately, they haven't responded, but we see no problems so will release. Has been getting storage testbed up to date so we can test the new Bestman2 release that can test in a variety of configurations. 
   * *Igor*: Last week Igor was in Europe and Terrence was busy with other local things, so no new work. Believes that GRAM 5 testing is done--things are working well now. Will now testing Condor 7.7.2 and 7.7.4 with !glideinWMS. Will take a couple of weeks (not including holidays). Interesting in understanding how much Condor 7.7.x improves things.
   * *Marco*: Did a lot of documentation work last week, particularly CE documents. Tested that ATLAS can use the LFC client in the release (there were earlier problems) and it all looks good. Reminded us to fix problem with the GIP permission problem. [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-417][SOFTWARE-417]]. He'll document the workaround.
   * *Mat*: Released a new version of =osg-build= last week and is continuing to update osg-build. A major chnage is that we osg-build can now do builds from Subversion. Several people commented that this is a good idea. We'll give it a go, and if it works well we might make it a requirement. 
   * *Scot*: Has been doing some RSV work in a branch. Will not be in tomorrow's release. Doug asked for the ability to parameterize the probes (particularly for things like storage probes, which need things like mount points). This is one of the major planned features, and is in ticket [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-253][SOFTWARE-253]].
   * *Suchandra*: Wrapping up documentation. Working on things that fell by the wayside: !HammerCloud testing, local !glideinWMS installation. 
   * *Tim*: Worked on packaging for LIGO last week, nearing completion. Finishing up with his class right now, so will have much more time for OSG Software Team. Resuming work on testing, particularly the testing infrastructure. Doug is interested in contributing to the discussion about how evolve the testing infrastructure that can include our storage (Bestman2/Xrootd/HDFS) testing. 