<!--
   * Set HI = [<strong>
   * Set IH = </strong>]
-->

---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 16 February 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Carl
   * Next week: Edgar
   * <span style="color: #F60;">12 (–1) open tickets</span>

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 139 (+7)
   * In Progress: 27 (+6)
   * Ready for Testing: 1 (–19)
   * Ready for Release: 0 (–11)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| March | 3.2.21 | 2015-02-23 | 2015-03-02 | 2014-03-10 | |
| April | 3.2.22 | 2015-03-30 | 2015-04-06 | 2015-04-14 | Last possible regular release of 3.1 |
| May | 3.2.23 | 2015-04-27 | 2015-05-04 | 2015-05-12 | 3.2 only&hellip; unless we ship 3.3! |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussed
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% IPv6 evaluation of OSG software ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])
      * Are we doing enough to test a component (e.g., !XRootD) before telling the world that it is OK?
      * The actual testing mechanisms (ntop, GUI or not, etc.) are really not that critical as long as they are accurate
      * We should use our own testing recipes, which exist for about 10 components today, most with just 1 test case
      * Also, we should contact each developer, if possible, and ask if IPv6 is supported and/or how to test for it
      * If we generate new test cases in this process, they should be added to the test case repository
   * GFAL exploded this weekend
      * We will try to contact the developer and/or packager to see if the issue is known and has a fix coming
      * Check with ATLAS to see how much they even use GFAL yet
      * Probably need to let at least some sites know not to upgrade yet
   * %HI%Marian%IH% !XRootD 4.1
      * Last week: Investigated xrootd-client-compat requirements for eos-client and related update issues ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1788][SW-1788]])
      * Priorities, in order: support all possible OSG updates seamlessly, make xrootd-4.1 “less special” (ideally passthrough), keep remaining solution as simple as possible
      * Marian has lots of work this week, will do what he can, leave notes in ticket, and transition to !TimC
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Update to Globus Toolkit 6 and !MyProxy 6 in OSG 3.2 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1761][SW-1761]])
      * Builds are done and went very smoothly
      * Will need to rebuild all packages before promotion (still need tool support for mass rebuilds, generally)
      * PBS and SEG is broken

---+++ Updated
   * %HI%BrianL%IH% HTCondor CE
      * %HI%Mat%IH% GIP should report HTCondor CE attributes to BDII for ATLAS ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1754][SW-1754]]): need design, proposed fix, and implementation for March
      * Completed a number of small HTCondor CE improvements ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1641][SW-1641]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1742][SW-1742]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1745][SW-1745]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1750][SW-1750]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1755][SW-1755]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1777][SW-1777]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1787][SW-1787]])
      * Waiting for Horst to schedule OSG 3.2 updates at OU, then to test HTCondor CE with LSF
      * Updated HTCondor CE troubleshooting guide with the new name of the condor_ce_job_router_info tool
      * Drafted updates to the HTCondor CE documentation based on recent experience with MIT and Caltech (still in progress)
      * Revising HTCondor CE overview
      * Ongoing: monitoring and supporting HTCondor CE sites, especially LSF and SGE
   * %HI%TimC%IH% !StashCache (OSG input data distribution using !XRootD)
      * Drafted a project plan for the project
      * Discussed the project plans and initial task assignments
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% RSV perfSONAR probe: Fixed bug with loading Esmond with double throughputs
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% RSV VO glideinWMS probe: Planned next discussion
   * %HI%Carl%IH% !PanDA ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1762][SW-1762]]): tested, ran into many hardcoded ATLAS items, sending report to ATLAS developers
   * %HI%Carl%IH% GUMS
      * Investigated Neha’s issue with generating osg-user-vo-map until immediate issue was resolved ([[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/23995][GOC-23995]])
      * Planned future improvements to protect against duplicate database entries ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1784][SW-1784]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1785][SW-1785]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1786][SW-1786]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1789][SW-1789]])
      * Plan to learn more about log4j to address another set of tickets
   * %HI%Jose%IH% Package !AutoPyFactory: Normalized messages for web monitor, removed manpages
   * Other
      * Fixed Fetch CRL failure whitelisting bug in automated tests ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1780][SW-1780]])
      * Discussed OSG-HTCondor work items
      * Drafted OSG annual report text for Education (done) and Software (not done)
      * Planned travel to OSG All-Hands Meeting and made travel arrangements (several team members)
      * Discussed plans for OSG AHM workshop on HTCondor CE
      * Discussed new !GratiaWeb ideas with Juan
      * Updated HTCondor 200K pool schedd documentation
      * Worked on changes to the ITB glideinWMS factory to support GLOW (still in progress)
      * Worked on University of Chicago ITB instance for HTCondor CE (still in progress)
      * Support: Caltech, MIT, UNL

---+++ In Progress
   * %HI%Mat%IH% EL 7: Working on components for full client and CE (except !BeStMan and GUMS)
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Fix tarball client creation system for scriptlets ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1769][SW-1769]])
   * %HI%TimC%IH% GRAM and !MyProxy transition to TLS-only (due 1 April 2015): Started working on communication plan to sites
   * %HI%Jeff%IH% HDFS healing with !XRootD
   * %HI%Carl%IH% Add RSV probe to test batch system submission ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-793][SW-793]])
   * %HI%Jose%IH% OASIS 2: complete draft packaging
   * %HI%TimC%IH% OSG 3.3 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]]): Still have a few major points to discuss
   * %HI%TimC%IH% Documentation
      * TODO: Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types
      * TODO: Continue working on simple documentation tracking mechanism
      * TODO: Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page
   * %HI%BrianL%IH% Automated testing: TODO: Continue designing new test scheduling subsystem (with !TimC, Mat)
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Move OSG software source code (not packaging) to git(hub): discuss plan and timing with !TimC
   * UW ITB site: build machines with Puppet! (all)
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Offsite backups: add some monitoring?
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron

---+++ Upcoming
   * Koji software upgrade: harder than OS upgrade due to database schema migration


---++ OSG Release Team

3.1.20 and 3.1.44 released last week

---+++ Projects

   * Brian Lin will handle the March Release
   * Development Freeze next week
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.21%2C%203.1.45%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][March 10th Release]]
   * Nothing in OSG 3.1 without prior approval
   * VO package updates and IGTF CA certificate updates pre-approved for OSG 3.1
   * New procedure to mark ready to release
      * Short description of testing performed in the ticket
      * !TimT (or designated representative) will mark ready to release after reviewing ticket.

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.1.44* | *Both* | *3.2.20* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 3 (+3) | 3 (+3) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 9 (+9) | 9 (+9) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 1 (+1) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Ready for Release |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 13 (+13) | 13 (+13) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2
      * !XRootD 4.1
      * Globus 6
      * HTCondor CE improvements
      * tarball scriptlets
      * slf4j update
      * HTCondor 8.3.3?
   * OSG 3.1
      * Nothing at this time


---++ OSG Investigations Team
   * OASIS:
      * Making progress at GOC with OASIS v2; at the least, will result in a new RPM revision in the next week.
      * In the next two weeks, will start looking at overhaul of the oasis-config RPM for automatic updates.
   * Brian working on filing tickets and providing technical advice in getting !StashCache dev projects going.
      * Need to coordinate with !TimC on the OSG Software deliverables once the OSG Annual Report has passed.
      * As part of AAA effort, worked on a new !XrdCl plugin for the POSIX-IO mode.
   * HTCondor CE:
      * Collaborating with adesmet and tlmiller from FW, got mixed-mode services working for HTCondor CE.  Merged for 8.3.4.
      * The OSG use case is fully functional for mixed mode, but likely a bandaid until some major networking overhauls (probably 8.5.x).
      * asked again (now via !CompOps) all USCMS Tier-2s to turn off GRAM to save effort on debugging.
      * need to provide numbers which USLHC VO has how many HTCondor CE in production (and how many GRAM CE to be decommission).