<!--
   * Set HI = [<strong>
   * Set IH = </strong>]
-->

---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 2 March 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, (Marian), Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Mat
   * Next week: Carl (switching with Suchandra)
   * 9 (–3) open tickets

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 147 (+6)
   * In Progress: 23 (–7)
   * Ready for Testing: 15 (+11)
   * Ready for Release: 1 (+1)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| March | 3.2.21 / 3.1.45 | 2015-02-23 | 2015-03-02 | 2014-03-10 | |
| April | 3.2.22 | 2015-03-30 | 2015-04-06 | 2015-04-14 | Last possible regular release of 3.1 |
| May | 3.2.23 | 2015-04-27 | 2015-05-04 | 2015-05-12 | 3.2 only&hellip; unless we ship 3.3! |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussed
   * Fix tarball client creation system for scriptlets *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1769][SW-1769]]): will do this week

---+++ Updated
   * HTCondor CE *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1813][SW-1813]])
      * GIP should report HTCondor CE attributes to BDII for ATLAS *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1754][SW-1754]])
      * Cut and release HTCondor CE 1.10+ with a few small changes ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1808][SW-1808]]; [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1745][SW-1745]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1782][SW-1782]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1787][SW-1787]]): finished this week
      * Small improvements for April ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1803][SW-1803]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1641][SW-1641]]): Split out common condor_ce_run/condor_ce_trace functions into a library
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and LSF ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1805][SW-1805]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1811][SW-1811]]): helped Horst; made several documentation improvements
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and SGE ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1806][SW-1806]])
      * Draft updates to the HTCondor CE documentation based on recent experience with MIT and Caltech *[Marian]*
      * Create and publish an HTCondor CE overview ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1814][SW-1814]])
      * Ongoing: monitoring and supporting HTCondor CE sites, especially LSF and SGE
   * Update to !XRootD 4.1 *[Edgar]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1788][SW-1788]]): Finished builds, tested a lot, worked through failure cases, wrote workaround notes, etc.
   * Globus Toolkit 6 and !MyProxy 6 *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1761][SW-1761]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1716][SW-1716]]): Promoted all packages!, tested connection speed leveling patch
   * !StashCache (OSG input data distribution using !XRootD) *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1815][SW-1815]]): Discussed and updated project plan
      * CE Collector should accept all CEs *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1790][SW-1790]]): Not started
      * Create a function to gather !XRootD stats into HTCondor !ClassAd ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1793][SW-1793]]): Helped set up Robert Illingworth with JIRA and TWiki access
      * Shim script to manage !XRootD server under condor_master *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1794][SW-1794]]): Reviewed design
      * GOC collector should accept !XRootD master and startd ads ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1804][SW-1804]])
   * Add RSV probe to test batch system submission *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-793][SW-793]]): Fixed test CE issues, completed initial prototype, discussed next steps
   * Update to HTCondor 8.3.3+ in Upcoming *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1807][SW-1807]]): Fixed EL 5 issues, built, testing, promoted
   * GFAL 2 requires file plugin to be installed explicitly *[TimC]*
      * Add 'Requires: gfal2-plugin-file' to osg-wn-client *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1799][SW-1799]]): finished this week
   * RSV perfSONAR probe *[Edgar]*: Completed build, tests, and promotion
   * HDFS healing with !XRootD *[Jeff]*: Completed revised healer implementation and installed at UCSD; began splitting fallback monitoring into its own package
   * Test !PanDA server installation locally *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1762][SW-1762]]): Recorded status and closed out current ticket
   * Package !AutoPyFactory *[Jose]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1581][SW-1581]]): Fixed small bug
   * Other
      * Created osg-ce-slurm metapackage ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1755][SW-1755]])
      * Identified new GUMS issue ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1817][SW-1817]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/gums-23391][gums-23391]])
      * Attended a meeting to plan steps to move OSG networking dashboard to production
      * Incidentally found and fixed segv bug in condor_qedit (#4912)
      * Refactored Java tests in the automated test suite
      * Discussed plans for OSG All-Hands Meeting talk about OSG information services
      * Debugged issues with RPM build infrastructure
      * Updated UChicago ITB HTCondor CE instance
      * Looked into exporting JIRA data to help with planning and monitoring
      * Edited HTCondor CE scalability testing procedure documentation
      * Started a micro design document for some LIGO packaging work
   * Support: UVirginia (new site kick-off meeting), UWashington (GRAM CE install)

---+++ In Progress, No Updates
   * IPv6 evaluation *[Edgar]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])
   * Support EL 7 *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
      * Make Worker Node Client packages for EL7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * osg-promote complains that el7 is not available for 3.1-testing ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1543][SW-1543]])
   * GUMS *[Carl]*
      * Protect against duplicate database entries ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1784][SW-1784]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1785][SW-1785]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1786][SW-1786]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1789][SW-1789]])
      * Plan to learn more about log4j to address another set of tickets
   * Documentation *[TimC]*
      * Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types
      * Continue working on simple documentation tracking mechanism
      * Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page
      * Document info-services config file in IniConfigurationOptions page *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1532][SW-1532]])
   * EL 7: Working on components for full client and CE (except !BeStMan and GUMS) *[Mat]*
   * Fix Fetch CRL failure whitelisting bug in automated tests *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1780][SW-1780]])
   * RSV VO glideinWMS probe *[Edgar]*
   * GRAM and !MyProxy transition to TLS-only (due 1 April 2015) *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1719][SW-1719]])
   * OASIS 2: complete draft packaging *[Jose]*
   * Define OSG 3.3 &ndash; still have a few major items to plan *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]])
   * Create scripts to warn us of the effects of future EPEL purges *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1738][SW-1738]])
   * Design new approach to organizing and sequencing automated tests (with !TimC, Mat) *[BrianL]*
   * Move OSG software source code to git(hub) *[Mat]*
   * Write Puppet rules to install and configure hosts
   * Offsite backups: add some monitoring? *[Mat]*
   * !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end *[Edgar]*
   * Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron *[Mat]*
   * Koji software upgrade: harder than OS upgrade due to database schema migration *[Mat]*


---++ OSG Release Team

---+++ Projects

   * Brian Lin is handling the March Release
   * Package Freeze today
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.21%2C%203.1.45%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][March 10th Release]]
   * Nothing in OSG 3.1 without prior approval
   * VO package updates and IGTF CA certificate updates pre-approved for OSG 3.1
   * New procedure to mark ready to release
      * Short description of testing performed in the ticket
      * !TimT (or designated representative) will mark ready to release after reviewing ticket.

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.1.45* | *Both* | *3.2.21* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (-1) | 0 (-1) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 3 (-7) | 3 (-7) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 14 (+11) | 14 (+11) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 1 (+1) | 2 (+2) | Ready for Release |
| 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 18 (+4) | 19 (+5) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2
      * !XRootD 4.1
      * Globus 6
      * HTCondor CE improvements
      * tarball scriptlets
      * HTCondor 8.3.3
      * gfal-plugin-file
      * rsv-perfsonar
      * rsv-vo-gwms
      * CVMFS using shared alias cache
      * IGTF 1.62
   * OSG 3.1
      * IGTF 1.62

---++ OSG Investigations Team

No report this week.