<!--
   * Set HI = [<strong>
   * Set IH = </strong>]
-->

---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 27 April 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Edgar (was Suchandra)
   * Next week: !TimT
   * <span style="color: #F60; font-weight: bold; font-size: larger;">20 (+4) open tickets</span>

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 163 (–1)
   * In Progress: 40 (+13)
   * Ready for Testing: 6 (+5)
   * Ready for Release: 0 (0)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| May | 3.2.23 | 2015-04-27 | 2015-05-04 | 2015-05-12 | |
| June | 3.2.24 | 2015-05-26 | 2015-06-01 | 2014-06-09 | Development Freeze on Tuesday due to Labor Day |
| July | 3.2.25 | 2015-06-29 | 2015-07-06 | 2015-07-14 | 5 week cycle  |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ To Discuss
   * 23 (of 29) tickets labeled for 3.2.23 and not Ready For Testing – what can be done to get more tickets RFT earlier?
      * The team is aware of the issue and is trying to get better about this
      * This release may be unusual in that there are several clumps of tickets for which final builds will be done today (e.g., HTCondor CE)
   * Does anyone need anything to get their work RFT today?
      * There are some weird rpm verify failures for HTCondor 8.3.* in Upcoming (release and development), but it may not be a regression

---+++ Activities
   * !StashCache *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1815][SW-1815]])
      * CE Collector should accept all CEs *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1790][SW-1790]])
      * Create a function to gather !XRootD stats into HTCondor !ClassAd *[Robert]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1793][SW-1793]])
      * Shim script to manage !XRootD server under condor_master *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1794][SW-1794]])
      * GOC collector should accept !XRootD master and startd ads *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1804][SW-1804]])
      * Create RSV probe to monitor health of the !XRootD caches *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1820][SW-1820]])
      * Add metapackage for !StashCache cache server *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1825][SW-1825]])
      * Create metapackage for origin server *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1871][SW-1871]])
   * Start OSG 3.3 release series *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1846][SW-1846]])
      * Define OSG 3.3 – still have a few major items to plan ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]])
      * Decide on initial package list for OSG 3.3 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]])
      * Do initial builds of all OSG 3.3 likely packages *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1875][SW-1875]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1878][SW-1878]])
      * Get rid of glite-security-trustmanager (from !BeStMan at least) *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1880][SW-1880]])
   * Support EL 7 *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
      * Build OSG Software packages for EL 7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Test emi-trustmanager, which was patched significantly to build ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test voms-admin-server ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test gums ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test bestman2 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * osg-promote complains that el7 is not available for 3.1-testing ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1543][SW-1543]])
      * Support EL7 tests in the nightlies *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1700][SW-1700]])
   * HTCondor CE *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1813][SW-1813]])
      * Small improvements for May ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1641][SW-1641]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1821][SW-1821]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1842][SW-1842]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1843][SW-1843]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1862][SW-1862]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1872][SW-1872]])
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and LSF ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1805][SW-1805]])
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and SGE ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1806][SW-1806]])
   * IPv6 evaluation *[Edgar]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])
   * GUMS *[Carl]*
      * GUMS web interface doesn’t let non-admin user do mappings ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1817][SW-1817]])
      * Protect against duplicate database entries ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1784][SW-1784]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1785][SW-1785]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1786][SW-1786]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1789][SW-1789]])
      * Plan to learn more about log4j to address another set of tickets ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1683][SW-1683]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1684][SW-1684]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1685][SW-1685]])
   * Documentation *[TimC]*
      * Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types
      * Continue working on simple documentation tracking mechanism
      * Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page
      * Document info-services config file in !IniConfigurationOptions page *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1532][SW-1532]])

   * Update slf4j to current version *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1756][SW-1756]])
   * Update to cctools 4.3.4+ *[Jeff]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1865][SW-1865]])
   * Minor updates to osg-configure for May *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1834][SW-1834]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1873][SW-1873]])
   * Add RSV probe to test batch system submission *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-793][SW-793]])
   * RSV perfSONAR probe *[Edgar]*
   * RSV VO glideinWMS probe *[Edgar]*
   * HDFS healing with !XRootD *[Jeff]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1845][SW-1845]])
   * Package !AutoPyFactory *[Jose]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1581][SW-1581]])
   * OASIS 2: complete draft packaging *[Jose]*

   * Create scripts to warn us of the effects of future EPEL purges *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1738][SW-1738]])
   * Design new approach to organizing and sequencing automated tests (with !TimC, Mat) *[BrianL]*
   * Move OSG software source code to git(hub) *[Mat]*
   * Write Puppet rules to install and configure hosts
   * Offsite backups: add some monitoring? *[Mat]*
   * !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end *[Edgar]*
   * Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron *[Mat]*
   * Koji software upgrade: harder than OS upgrade due to database schema migration *[Mat]*

   * Support


---++ OSG Release Team
---+++ Projects

   * Brian Lin is handling the [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.23%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][May Release]]
   * Development Freeze is today
   * Procedure to mark ready to release
      * Short description of testing performed in the ticket
      * !TimT (or designated representative) will mark ready to release after reviewing ticket.

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.2.23* | *Status* |
| 1 (-5) | Open |
| 22 (+13) | In Progress |
| 6 (+5) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | Ready for Release |
| 29 (+13) | Total |

   * OSG 3.2
      * HTCondor CE refinements
      * osg-configure fixes
      * GUMS improvements
      * !StashCache meta-package
      * CILogon CA certificates
      * HTCondor 8.3.5 in upcoming
      * RSV check job submission


---++ OSG Investigations Team

   * !BrianB is done teaching, may start attending this meeting again soon
   * Marian is requesting help with HTCondor, cgroups, and RHEL 7.1