<!--
   * Set HI = [<strong>
   * Set IH = </strong>]
-->

---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 9 February 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, !JohnH, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: !BrianL
   * Next week: Carl
   * <span style="color: #F60;">13 (–1) open tickets</span>

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 132 (–1)
   * In Progress: 21 (–6)
   * Ready for Testing: 20 (+1)
   * Ready for Release: 11 (+7)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| February | 3.2.20 | 2015-01-26 | 2015-02-02 | 2015-02-10 | |
| March | 3.2.21 | 2015-02-23 | 2015-03-02 | 2014-03-10 | |
| April | 3.2.22 | 2015-03-30 | 2015-04-06 | 2015-04-14 | Last possible regular release of 3.1 |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussed
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% IPv6 evaluation of OSG software ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])
      * On Friday, Edgar sent a link to his write-up from testing !XRootD
      * Technology area members: Please review and offer any feedback on protocol by COB Tuesday
      * This is an important effort, and we as a group should feel that we are doing The Right Thing
   * !OpenJDK 7u75 update disables SSL by default
      * With tomorrow’s release of edg-mkgridmap for OSG 3.1, we are aware of no further issues
      * We will add a paragraph about the Java update and its consequences (or lack thereof) to the release notes
      * For internal reference, !TimC will compile a Software internal TWiki page about re-enabling SSL in Java
   * GIP reporting of HTCondor CE attributes to BDII for ATLAS ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1754][SW-1754]])
      * Testing showed that an extra attribute had to be set in an OSG .ini file for this new feature to work
      * Add this information to the release notes
      * Create a new ticket to propose a better design (right now, it appears to be enabling HTCondor CE, not just reporting of attributes) and to implement

---+++ Updated
   * %HI%Carl%IH% HTCondor security updates ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1774][SW-1774]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1775][SW-1775]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1776][SW-1776]]): Applied updates, built, tested, and promoted to testing
   * %HI%BrianL%IH% HTCondor CE
      * Talked with Horst about testing HTCondor CE with LSF
      * Revising HTCondor CE overview
      * Helped test the HTCondor CE Collector ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1759][SW-1759]])
      * Ongoing: monitoring and supporting HTCondor CE sites, especially LSF and SGE
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Update to Globus Toolkit 6 and !MyProxy 6 in OSG 3.2 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1761][SW-1761]])
      * Updates in progress in Upcoming; will rebuild and move to trunk after an initial round of testing
      * If needed, check with Jim Basney about changes to !MyProxy from our production version to the latest
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Koji OS upgrade ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1442][SW-1442]])
      * Dealt with bootloader issues
      * Wrote upgrade report
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Fix tarball client creation system for scriptlets ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1769][SW-1769]])
      * Working on running post-install scripts when creating the tarball install
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% RSV perfSONAR probe: Made new build with Andy Lake’s fix for updating summaries
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% RSV VO glideinWMS probe: Tested against a factory instance (http://fermicloud053.fnal.gov:9090/rsv/)
   * %HI%Carl%IH% !PanDA ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1762][SW-1762]]): in progress
   * !StashCache (OSG input data distribution using !XRootD)
      * Discussed project with Chander and others
      * First meeting planned for Thursday
   * %HI%TimC%IH% GRAM and !MyProxy transition to TLS-only (due 1 April 2015): Started working on communication plan to sites
   * Other
      * Discovered an error on UNL CE reporting to BDII
      * Wrote a script to help detect harmful EPEL changes ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1738][SW-1738]])
      * Code reviewed Alan’s changes to the HTCondor build system (htcondor#4854)
      * Fixed Java installation documentation ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1757][SW-1757]])
      * Implemented Java installation steps in osg-test ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1720][SW-1720]])
      * Built, tested, and promoted osg-test 1.4.23
      * Fixed osg-configure so it allows max_wall_time to be 0 or unspecified ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1779][SW-1779]])

---+++ In Progress
   * %HI%Mat%IH% EL 7: Working on components for full client and CE (except !BeStMan and GUMS)
   * %HI%Carl%IH% GUMS: Learning more about log4j to address a set of tickets
   * %HI%Jeff%IH% HDFS healing with !XRootD
   * %HI%Carl%IH% Add RSV probe to test batch system submission ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-793][SW-793]])
   * %HI%Jose%IH% OASIS 2: complete draft packaging
   * %HI%TimC%IH% OSG 3.3 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]]): Still have a few major points to discuss
   * %HI%TimC%IH% Documentation
      * TODO: Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types
      * TODO: Continue working on simple documentation tracking mechanism
      * TODO: Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page
   * %HI%BrianL%IH% Automated testing: TODO: Continue designing new test scheduling subsystem (with !TimC, Mat)
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Move OSG software source code (not packaging) to git(hub): discuss plan and timing with !TimC
   * UW ITB site: build machines with Puppet! (all)
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Offsite backups: add some monitoring?
   * %HI%Edgar%IH% !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end
   * %HI%Mat%IH% Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron
   * Support

---+++ Upcoming
   * Koji software upgrade: harder than OS upgrade due to database schema migration


---++ OSG Release Team

---+++ Projects

   * Tim Theisen will handle the February Release
   * Release tomorrow!
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.20%2C%203.1.44%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][February 10th Release]]
   * Nothing in OSG 3.1 without prior approval
   * VO package updates and IGTF CA certificate updates pre-approved for OSG 3.1

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.1.44* | *Both* | *3.2.20* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (-4) | 0 (-4) | In Progress |
| 1 (+0) | 5 (+5) | 12 (-4) | 18 (+1) | Ready for Testing |
| 1 (+1) | 0 (+0) | 11 (+7) | 12 (+8) | Ready for Release |
| 2 (+1) | 5 (+5) | 23 (-1) | 30 (+5) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2
      * !GlideinWMS 3.2.8+
      * gratia-probe 1.13.31+
      * RSV 3.7.22+
      * osg-system-profiler 1.2.0
      * HTCondor CE 1.9-3+
      * HTCondor 8.2.7
      * HTCondor 8.3.2+ in upcoming
   * OSG 3.1
      * edg-mkgridmap 4.0.1+
      * HTCondor 7.8.8+

---++ OSG Investigations Team

   * (Finally!) Got a successful “at scale” test of the new OASIS S1 blanking scripts. This allowed the new oasis-config to get into this week’s release.
      * Near Future: significant overhaul of oasis-config to allow for automated distribution so new default configs are not tied to the release cycle.
   * Working with USCMS, starting to get serious about next HTCondor CE steps: turn off GRAM and talk to T3s about transition plans.
      * We’ve asked all USCMS Tier-2s to turn off GRAM to save effort on debugging.
   * Another meeting with CERN IT, planning on how to get CMS off the BDII for HTCondor CE sites.
   * Started work on the foundations of the Xrootd caching service.  Concretely, started work to make sure Xrootd server can be managed by the condor_master (which will allow for remote restarts and eventually automated config updates).
   * Upcoming next week: Figure out CHEP paper and attendance plans.
   * Upcoming next week: Deploy new S-0 and login server at GOC ITB.