<!--
   * Set HI = [<strong>
   * Set IH = </strong>]
-->

---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 30 March 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Suchandra
   * Next week: !BrianL
   * <span style="color: #F60;">13 (+6) open tickets</span>

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 163 (+1)
   * In Progress: 31 (+4)
   * Ready for Testing: 6 (+2)
   * Ready for Release: 0 (0)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| April | 3.2.22 / 3.1.46 | 2015-03-30 | 2015-04-06 | 2015-04-14 | Last possible regular release of 3.1 |
| May | 3.2.23 (/ 3.3.0?) | 2015-04-27 | 2015-05-04 | 2015-05-12 | |
| June | 3.2.24 (/ 3.3.1?) | 2015-05-26 | 2015-06-01 | 2014-06-09 | Development Freeze on Tuesday due to Labor Day |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussed
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/24677][GOC #24677]]: MINOS
      * “Setting job's virtual memory rlimit to 0 megabytes” message may be telling [but in fact is not, as we learned later]
   * Developer freeze today: looks like we need osg-configure and htcondor-ce builds, at least

---+++ Activities
   * HTCondor CE *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1813][SW-1813]])
      * Small improvements for April ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1803][SW-1803]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1641][SW-1641]])
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and LSF ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1805][SW-1805]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1811][SW-1811]])
      * Complete initial support for HTCondor CE and SGE ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1806][SW-1806]])
      * Create and publish an HTCondor CE overview ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1814][SW-1814]])
      * Draft updates to the HTCondor CE documentation based on recent experience with MIT and Caltech *[Marian]*
   * !StashCache (OSG input data distribution using !XRootD) *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1815][SW-1815]])
      * CE Collector should accept all CEs *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1790][SW-1790]])
      * Create a function to gather !XRootD stats into HTCondor !ClassAd *[Robert]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1793][SW-1793]])
      * Shim script to manage !XRootD server under condor_master *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1794][SW-1794]])
      * GOC collector should accept !XRootD master and startd ads ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1804][SW-1804]])
      * Create RSV probe to monitor health of the !XRootD caches ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1820][SW-1820]])
      * Add metapackage for !StashCache cache server ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1825][SW-1825]])
   * IPv6 evaluation *[Edgar]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])
   * Support EL 7 *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
      * Build OSG Software packages for EL 7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Test emi-trustmanager, which was patched significantly to build ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test voms-admin-server ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test gums ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * Build and test bestman2 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1604][SW-1604]])
      * osg-promote complains that el7 is not available for 3.1-testing ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1543][SW-1543]])
      * Support EL7 tests in the nightlies *[BrianL]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1700][SW-1700]])
   * Start OSG 3.3 release series *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1846][SW-1846]])
      * Define OSG 3.3 – still have a few major items to plan ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1485][SW-1485]])
   * GUMS *[Carl]*
      * GUMS web interface doesn’t let non-admin user do mappings ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1817][SW-1817]])
      * Protect against duplicate database entries ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1784][SW-1784]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1785][SW-1785]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1786][SW-1786]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1789][SW-1789]])
      * Plan to learn more about log4j to address another set of tickets ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1683][SW-1683]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1684][SW-1684]], [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1685][SW-1685]])
   * Documentation *[TimC]*
      * Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types
      * Continue working on simple documentation tracking mechanism
      * Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page
      * Document info-services config file in !IniConfigurationOptions page *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1532][SW-1532]])

   * GRAM and !MyProxy transition to TLS-only (due 1 April 2015) *[TimC]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1719][SW-1719]])
   * Add RSV probe to test batch system submission *[Carl]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-793][SW-793]])
   * Minor updates to Globus Toolkit 6 packages *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1824][SW-1824]])
   * RSV perfSONAR probe *[Edgar]*
   * RSV VO glideinWMS probe *[Edgar]*
   * HDFS healing with !XRootD *[Jeff]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1845][SW-1845]])
   * Package !AutoPyFactory *[Jose]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1581][SW-1581]])
   * OASIS 2: complete draft packaging *[Jose]*

   * Create scripts to warn us of the effects of future EPEL purges *[Mat]* ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1738][SW-1738]])
   * Design new approach to organizing and sequencing automated tests (with !TimC, Mat) *[BrianL]*
   * Move OSG software source code to git(hub) *[Mat]*
   * Write Puppet rules to install and configure hosts
   * Offsite backups: add some monitoring? *[Mat]*
   * !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end *[Edgar]*
   * Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron *[Mat]*
   * Koji software upgrade: harder than OS upgrade due to database schema migration *[Mat]*

   * Support


---++ OSG Release Team

---+++ Projects

   * Suchandra Thapa is handling the April Release
   * Development Freeze today.
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.22%2C%203.1.46%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][April 14th Release]]
   * Nothing in OSG 3.1 without prior approval
   * VO package updates and IGTF CA certificate updates pre-approved for OSG 3.1
   * Procedure to mark ready to release
      * Short description of testing performed in the ticket
      * !TimT (or designated representative) will mark ready to release after reviewing ticket.

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.1.46* | *Both* | *3.2.22* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 2 (-2) | 3 (-1) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 10 (+3) | 10 (+3) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 6 (+5) | 6 (+5) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Ready for Release |
| 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 18 (+6) | 19 (+7) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2
      * HTCondor 8.2.8
      * HTCondor CE fixes
      * osg-configure fixes
      * xrootd RPM requirements
      * Update globus-ftp-client, globus-xio, globus-xio-udt-driver
      * Update glexec, lcmaps, and friends
      * IGTF 1.63
      * VO Update?
   * OSG 3.1
      * IGTF 1.63
      * VO Update?


---++ OSG Investigations Team

   * OASIS major upgrades happening
   * Pretty much busy over the OSG AHM
      * Several talks for the Technology area provided
      * Besides Intensity Frontier workshop several internal meetings and discussion about Information services based on HTCondor Collector, briefing about !StashCache progress with people from GOC
      * Gave HTCondor-CE tutorial