---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 20 January 2015

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Suchandra
   * Next week: Carl
   * <span style="color: #F60;">12 (+1) open tickets</span>

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 138 (–3)
   * In Progress: 28 (+3)
   * Ready for Testing: 2 (–4)
   * Ready for Release: 0 (–22)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| February | 3.2.20 | 2015-01-26 | 2015-02-02 | 2015-02-10 | |
| March | 3.2.21 | 2015-02-23 | 2015-03-02 | 2014-03-10 | |
| April | 3.2.22 | 2015-03-30 | 2015-04-06 | 2015-04-14 | Last possible regular release of 3.1 |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Development Freeze* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.

---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Work Completed
   * Just in individual emails this week

---+++ Work In Progress
   * External
      * Revise HTCondor CE overview (!BrianL)
      * Monitor and support HTCondor CE sites, especially LSF and SGE (!BrianL)
      * GRAM and !MyProxy transition to TLS-only (due 1 April 2015): Draft simple page with minimum versions (Carl)
      * GUMS: work on a variety of smaller changes (Carl)
      * RSV !perfSONAR probe: Small improvements? (Edgar)
      * EL 7: working on components for full client and CE (except !BeStMan and GUMS) (Mat)
      * IPv6: Edgar has VMs ready to try out, !BrianL will test instructions and set-up (Edgar)
      * !XRootD backup of HDFS accesses: scheduling meeting to discuss planning (Jeff, !TimC, !BrianB)
      * Finish 3 prototype documents as exemplars of document types (!TimC)
      * Continue working on simple tracking mechanism (!TimC)
      * Continue drafting site installation overview as a draft for organizing home page (!TimC)
      * OASIS 2: complete draft packaging (Jose)
      * !PanDA: can we get the server running here and submit one job?; waiting for them on other packages (Carl)

   * Internal
      * Koji upgrade to EL6: schedule and perform upgrade (Mat)
      * Start design for new test scheduling subsystem (!TimC, !BrianL)
      * Koji software upgrade: harder because of database migration (Mat)
      * UW ITB site: build machines with Puppet! (all)
      * Offsite backups: add some monitoring? (Mat)
      * !HTCondor CE and PBS: setting up about 700 cores with PBS and an !HTCondor CE front-end (Edgar)
      * Checking local backups with Nagios: waiting for help from Aaron (Mat)
      * Move OSG software source code (not packaging) to git(hub): discuss plan and timing (Mat, !TimC)

---+++ Work Upcoming
   * Update to Globus Toolkit 6 and !MyProxy 6


---++ OSG Release Team

---+++ Projects

   * Tim Theisen will handle the February Release
   * Development Freeze next week
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.2.20%2C%203.1.44%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][February 10th Release]]
   * Nothing in OSG 3.1 without prior approval
   * VO package updates and IGTF CA certificate updates pre-approved for OSG 3.1

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.1.44* | *Both* | *3.2.20* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 2 (+2) | 2 (+2) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 11 (+11) | 11 (+11) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 1 (+1) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Ready for Release |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 14 (+14) | 14 (+0) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2
      * !GlideinWMS 3.2.8+
      * TBD
   * OSG 3.1
      * Nothing planned


---++ OSG Investigations Team

   * Information systems work. A “theme” in the next few week will be improvements in the information system and reducing need on BDII.
      * rsv-vo-gwms: A simple probe (based on rsv-perfsonar) meant to help VOs discover which sites will accept their jobs.  Requested by OSG VO.
      * ATLAS-requested change to GIP: Helps ATLAS utilize HTCondor CE (starting with BDII info). Once switched to the BDII, we can make better progress with HTCondor CE (and ultimately the HTCondor CE collector).
      * Put together a plan with the CERN SAM team to advance final pieces of removing BDII use in CMS. Looks like a 2 month timeframe.
   * Improvements requested from Syracuse. Based on a discussion with Peter Couvares late Friday (not all have corresponding tickets). Relevant to this team:
      * Site-local collector (also requested by Miron) - allow startds running at site register their slots with a collector at the local site; allows sites better visibility in what is going on.
      * Help admins notice and debug failing glideins. Concrete task: allow factories to set a “minimum runtime” for jobs. Any job lasting less than the minimum runtime will be put on hold; this will allow admins to discover and diagnose problems.
   * Other: CHEP abstract notifications have been sent out. We will need to coordinate on who will do the work to write papers, attend CHEP, and make posters. HTCondor CE got an oral presentation!