---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 2-July-2012

---++ Attending

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Zhao, Xin

---++ State of support tickets
| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> |  Suchandra |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Neha |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 9 |

---++ Release process: Friday Freeze?
We agreed that we need to have a code freeze before the release. In general we want software to be in the osg-testing repository as soon as possible, but allow software updates to slip in shortly before the release. 

New policy: RPM updates intended to be included in the next release (that is, pushed to the osg-release yum repo) must be in the osg-testing yum repo by noon Central Time two business days in advance of the release. This will allow time for final testing, discussions, reverts, etc. In general for our Tuesday releases, this means noon on Friday. 

We will make exceptions for urgent situations; consult with Alain when needed.

---++ Upcoming release planning
   * Bestman2 release with Jetty update. 
   * Condor with !CREAM support
   * RSV: Bug with user proxies needs fix. 
   * HDFS

---++ Jetty
Jetty is neither in EPEL nor SL. Bestman2 includes it as a jar file and it needs to be updated. The question is whether we should continue to distribute it as a jar file or make a proper RPM for it.

Doug said that packaging it as a separate RPM will not be too bad if we just package the jars but could be a lot of work if we do a source RPM due to dependencies, but we don't really know. We agree that it's desirable to have a proper RPM, but we don't want to go down a long rat's nest just to get it. 

Suchandra says that a source RPM for Jetty is available from Fedora, so passing it through is possible. 

Alain will make a ticket and Neha will investigate further. The plan is to spend a few hours investigating and figure out how deep of a rats nest this is. If it's deep we might bail and keep it a simple jar. If it's straightforward we'll split out the RPM.

---++ Vacation plans?

Nothing significant coming up for team members.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Helped Neha with Bestman2 build, answered tickets/emails re: Bestman2, wrote Bestman2 upgrade guide, started looking at HDFS upgrade. 
   * *Marco*: Willing to take more documentation tickets; focused on campus grid work.
   * *Mat*: Focused on Condor + !CREAM (client is built, but !CREAM gahp isn't building properly yet); also working on test infrastructure failures. We have lots of "Missing Data" in the nightly tests and we don't know why.
   * *Neha*: Triage duty, updating Jetty update for Bestman2; working on documentation for edg-mkgridmap and dcache probes.
   * *Scot*: Helped with the OSG User School, prep work for the Ghana school, RSV bug fixes.
   * *Suchandra*: Did OSG Software 3.1.5 release week. Working on glideins. Using factory from the GOC; adding VO frontend now; added UC-ITB as a site people can submit too. If all goes well, should be able to submit jobs to UC-ITB by tomorrow. Will add BNL next week. 
   * *Tim*: OSG User School. This week will still be busy with the tail of the OSG User School, but will ramp back up on OSG Software week after this. 
   * *Xin*:ITB site is still running fine. Alain asked if he can talk to Xin and John separately about how to best use Xin's effort to make sure he's fully utilized.