---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 19 November 2012

*Attending:* Mat, Tim, Doug, Neha, Suchandra, Marco, Xin, Brian

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Doug this week, Suchandra next week; %RED%14 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:* OSG 3.x: 56 (0) last week; 12 (+11) using 3.1.11; OSG 1.2: 45 (–3) sites, 0 using 1.2.31.

---++ Accomplishments

Quiet week, with some team members traveling, plus lots of in-progress items.

   * Fixed the voms-api-java package and changed dependencies on it in other packages
   * Documentation: Added and clarified links to documentation how-to information

---++ Issues

%RED%Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are resolved/closed when done.%ENDCOLOR%

   * !BeStMan/jGlobus: test failures, broader testing, release timing, etc.
   * !XRootD GSI fix and 3.3 update (which affects plug-ins)
   * Pakiti
   * SLURM
   * GUMS, list of issues
   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * Help debug Texas Tech (Alan Sill et al.), Caltech (Steven Lo), and Oklahoma (Horst)
   * !GlideinWMS
   * osg-configure bug fixes
   * voms-api-java resolution

---+++ Coming Soon(ish)

   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * CVMFS (for OASIS) (December)
   * HTCondor-CE (February)

---++ Actions

   * %RED%Define December release goals!%ENDCOLOR% (Tim with input from everyone!)
   * !BeStMan: Resolve test failures (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Identify documentation changes in a ticket or declare that there are none (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Get commitments for  ITB testing (Suchandra, with help from others as needed)
   * !BeStMan: Ping Igor for scalability testing.
   * !XRootD: Get 3.2.6 into testing, work on 3.3 plugins (Doug, Brian)
   * osg-configure: Promote to osg-testing and schedule ITB testing (Suchandra)
   * SLURM CE: Continue development and testing (Suchandra)
   * voms-api-java: Prepare for osg-testing (Mat)

   * GUMS: Work on library improvements (Doug)
   * HDFS: Work on bugs in 2.0.0 (Doug), finish new HDFS tests (Doug)
   * Request !jPackage archive at Wisconsin (Mat)
   * Identify other easy GUMS improvements (Tim, Brian)
   * Write new VOMS Admin automated tests (Mat)
   * Design next step for testing infrastructure (Tim, Mat)
   * Help with TTU and Caltech debugging as needed (Suchandra)
   * Write a more explicit proposal for dealing with the LCMAPS packaging changes (Tim)
   * Triage Globus patches for upstream (Tim, Brian)

---++ Notes

!XRootD: We do not know yet if we will ship 3.3.x or 3.2.6 with the December release. Further testing is needed. Encouragingly, the rc1 release has had no changes made so far, because other testing is going well. Nonetheless, we must test the final 3.3.x release before it will be included in a production release; but if there are few code changes between rc1 and final, then that testing can be light and fast. Brian proposes a drop-dead date of next Monday to decide which version of !XRootD goes into the next release.

Pakiti: currently being tested by security team. There are a few small change requests, but we should be able to ship this package soon.

Tim ranted a bit about manual testing and documented test cases. For every component that we test manually (which should be most of them), we should document a minimal set of test cases for it. Then, when we prepare a component for testing, and when we ask for external testing (e.g., from the ITB), _at least_ those tests should be performed. To start, write down 3–10 test cases for a component on its component page on the !TWiki, just simple one-line bullets without a complete step-by-step procedure (reference !TWiki documentation as needed). At very least, having concrete test cases will give us something to think about, debate, and improve. In addition to adding our own tests to the lists, we should ask collaborators to give us summaries of what they test, and add relevant items to the list as well; we should not try to capture _every_ test case that every tester uses, just the basics or critical cases.

TTU, Caltech, and OU have been relatively quiet, so we will ping them. Tim created #SOFTWARE-851, #SOFTWARE-852, #SOFTWARE-853 as “umbrella” tickets to track all issues for getting these sites operational. Please create child tickets for specific issues within each. On the topic of LSF (OU, Horst), Brian asked about getting an LSF setup, which should allow us to do testing without waiting for others as much. Suchandra has contacted people who will talk to IBM about getting a license somewhere.

!GlideinWMS: Needs more testing, but this is tricky because few sites deploy it and some of those do not use RPMs (including UCSD). Likely we will just have to accept UCSD’s testing of the underlying software and a quick smoke test of the packaging.

Brian thinks the base Hadoop 2.0.0 is ready to be deployed, but is unsure about auxiliary components such as !GridFTP and !XRootD. He will test it on a Tier 2 in a week or two.