---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 10 September 2012

---++ Attending

   * Marco
   * Mat
   * Neha
   * Suchandra
   * Tim
   * Xin

---++ Introduction

Tim spent a few minutes talking about the transition from Alain. In a nutshell, Tim is not Alain, but will try to carry on all of the good things that Alain was doing. Please be patient, and help Tim understand things when he asks.

One thing that Tim plans to work on is the format and content of the weekly meeting. The goal is to build a greater *whole-team* awareness of the critical work of the team, and generate useful discussion and planning around it. We shall see. Feel free to send feedback to Tim directly or to the team mailing list, as you wish.

---++ State of support tickets

| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Doug |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Suchandra |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 7 |

---++ Top Priority Activities

---+++ SHA-2 Transition

In sum, certificates will soon be signed using SHA-2 encryption; all software that uses certificates must soon be ready to accept SHA-2, while still supporting all older formats. In theory, we could start seeing SHA-2 certificates on 1 January 2013; in practice, it will probably take a bit longer before they hit. But until the software is ready, every SHA-2 certificate will cause administrative or end-user failures.

Suchandra is testing a lot of software and is recording the results on the TWiki. Everyone should care about this punchlist. GUMS is causing us lots of problems, possibly down in the trustmanager, and so Suchandra will do what he can to (a) understand the failures, and (b) push developers to fix problems.

---+++ Globus GRAM Problems

Many sites have not converted to using RPMs yet, which is bad, in part because we are less and less able to update components in Pacman. So we really want sites to *want to convert*. Notably, US-ATLAS will not convert until (at least) certain GRAM problems are fixed. The sooner we make them happy, the sooner they convert.

Mat owns a GOC ticket that contains a cluster of (seemingly) related issues. We have one patch in osg-testing already. Mat will pester the Globus folks and ATLAS testers to move this task forward, or will ask Tim to do so. At very least, Mat will summarize the state of the long and complicated ticket.

There is also a problem with log rotation, which the Globus folks have not been responding to. It does not affect end users directly, but will indirectly, as not having logs makes it hard to debug problems. Tim will push on this task.

---+++ !XRootD 3.2.4

CMS (Brian) requested a change to !XRootD, which appeared in 3.2.3. Unfortunately, 3.2.3 also contained a serious bug, and so the !XRootD has released 3.2.4. Doug will package and test it this week.

---+++ Alan Sill / TTU

Alan and colleagues ran into some problems installing their ITB site. While the problems of one ITB site may not be very scary by itself, we are concerned that TTUâ€™s problems may crop up elsewhere, again delaying widespread deployment. Thus, we want to make Alan happy, *and* figure out how to learn from his site to make others happy, too.

---++ Next Release

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/UpcomingReleases The next release]] is roughly scheduled for mid-September, which would be either 18 or 25 September 2012. No comments during the call.