---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 30-Jan-2012

---++ Attending

   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Gore, Brook
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Potekhin, Maxim
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Weichel, Jim
   * Zhao, Xin

---++ Apologies

   * Cartwright, Tim

---++ State of documentation
   * 23 open Tickets 
   * Many pages not quite complete (i.e. in Released state) - Check your home page for a list of yours (!Main.FirstLast)
   * See Documentation.TestPage for latest version of main documentation navigation page
      * Check/Complete pages that you own from links on this page

---++ Transition to new support process

No one is uncomfortable with it, so we'll proceed. Alain will work out technical details with the Operations Team.

Mat would like a "who does what" page, so we know who to assign tickets too. Agreed.

---++ Readiness for OSG Software 3.0.6 release

No major concerns. Minor concerns that do not block this release:

   * Suchandra will double-check [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-417][SOFTWARE-417]] (GIP file ownership problem) to ensure it's fixed for this release. We have the updated GIP from Tony. 
   * Marco noted that he was able to install =empty-condor= after non-RPM Condor is installed. This appears to be a bug, but shouldn't stop a release. After the meeting he created [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-507][SOFTWARE-507]] to track this.
   * Doug asked about Dave Dykstra's work on LCMAPS. It's not ready, but Dave hopes it's ready by the end of February. We'll find testers for it soon. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Had a few issues with Bestman2. All known issues are resolved, will ship in tomorrow's release. They were configuration issues. Also worked with issues with HDFS packages, will be fixed soon. Also fixing documentation issues with HDFS. 
   * *Marco*: Has been testing RSV with Condor. Worked on other documentation.
   * *Mat*: Finished major reorganization of osg-build. Did bug fixes. GUMS 1.4 work is on hold until new version from John. 
   * *Maxim*: glexec testing is working fine. It's straightforward, but needs to be updated to match new organization of osg-test. Will be finished today. Needs more work.
   * *Neha*: Worked with osg-system-profiler, gave feedback. Found problem with gratia !GridFTP probe failing with new versions of Python. Also worked on [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-483][SOFTWARE-483]]
   * *Scot*: Worked on RSV and Condor-Cron, so they work with non-standard location of Condor. Released Pacman update. 
   * *Suchandra*: Minor fixes to osg-configure. Did ITB testing for Pacman release. 
   * *Terrence*: Things are quiet, need more work due to delays in getting working version of GUMS 1.4.
   * *Tim*: Lots of work on testing, out sick today.
   * *Xin*: Just returned from three weeks of vacation. Had questions about RSV using non-standard Condor install. Had problems with using RSV with a user proxy. Scot will look into it.