---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 13-Aug-2012

---++ Attending
   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Roy, Alain
   * Strain, Doug
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Thapa, Suchandra
 
---++ Possible people to copy and paste
   * Gore, Brook
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Zhao, Xin

---++ State of support tickets
| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Suchandra |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Neha |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 14 |

---++ State of support

---++ Alain's departure, and transition

---++ Plans for tomorrow's OSG Software 3.1.8 Release

   * blahp-1.18.0.4-4.osg.el5
   * condor-7.8.X
   * empty-condor-1.1-1.osg.el5
   * glideinwms-2.6.0-3.osg.el5
   * globus-gsi-callback-4.4-1.osg.el5
   * gratia-probe-1.12-6.osg.el5
   * gratia-service-1.13.3
   * osg-cleanup-1.3-1.osg.el5
   * osg-configure-1.0.15-1.osg.el5
   * osg-test-1.2.1-1.osg.el5
   * rsv-metrics-3.7.5-1.osg.el5

On SL6 only:
   * netlogger-4.2.0-3.osg.el6.noarch


Note: Netlogger was updated to fix the !GridFTP Transfer probe on SL6. While it did that, it broke it on SL5. We don't have time for a complete fix right now, so we are pushing the new version of Netlogger only on SL6.

Doug asked if there will be an RSV release to address the name of the !GridFTP probe. It won't be in this release, but will be in the next release.

Brian's had a concern: Do we have the latest version of lcmaps? Alain will double-check  with Dave Dykstra that it's in the release. 

Doug has a new HDFS 0.20 in osg-testing to help people move to the later HDFS 0.23 (or Cloudera HDFS 2.0.0). Doug says to put it into the next release after it gets a bit more testing.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: HDFS 0.20 release ready for testing (see above). The new big upgrade of HDFS 0.23 is ready for testing. He's tested both a fresh install and an upgrade. Brian said he'll give it a "second set of eyeballs", then will coordinate an upgrade of a CMS Tier 2, within the next two months. Production would happen after that.
   * *Marco*: Nothing to add today. 
   * *Mat*: Got CREAM working on SL5! Gave instructions to Brian Bockelman and John Hover.
   * *Scot*: Worked at the grid school in Ghana last week, equivalent to the OSG User School. It went very well. It occupied the entire week. He'll be doing one last RSV release before he departs in two weeks. Let him know of any requests. 
   * *Suchandra*: Glideins on ITB: Working within Maxim and Mats to use the Glideins on the ITB for testing. Have three sites: OU, BNL, UC using Glideins. May have a Fermi site join as well. Last week also fixed bugs in osg-configure. Will wrap up Gratia testing today. May need more work. 
   * *Tim*: Wrapped up class and finances for the OSG User school--the finances were much more complex than expected. Now going through reimbursements for the school and hopes to wrap it up this week. Unclear if the project assistants can help much due to their work load or complexity. 

---+++ SLURM

Alain asked Brian about SLURM support. Nebraska has been working on it to support their new cluster and they'll have extensions to the OSG Software Stack ready to share soon (within a month). 

Alain is handling a support ticket about this and will report that.

---+++ VOMS Admin Upgrade
Tanya reminded us that Fermi is very interested in the VOMS Admin upgrade. Alain reported that Mat will be looking at upgrades for both VOMS and VOMS Admin this week. 