---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 9-Jan-2012

---++ Attending

   * Gore, Brook
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Potekhin, Maxim
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Apologies

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Strain, Doug

---++ Release Plans for 3.0.6

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/UpcomingReleases][Upcoming Release Plans]]

Doug proposes adding Bestman2: it appears to be ready, though it does need good testing.

7.6.5 is totally broken, do 7.6.4 instead. Mat will check on schedule for 7.6.6. (Post-meeting update: should be released on Jan 17th, may make our release)

Everyone agrees that the release plan is reasonable. 

Doug proposed pushing the new glideinWMS VO Frontend to go into production. Igor agrees. 

---++ SHA-2 testing

We'll be coordinating the testing for upcoming SHA-2 transition. CAs will start using SHA-2 instead of SHA1 and software needs to be ready for it. We need to test and take care of.

The suspicion right now is that most software other than dCache and Bestman will work fine. Those two depend on jGlobus which is complicated: we're working on that now. We'll also be doing testing with the ITB.

Someone asked if this will affect the naming of the CA certs (The hash name). Alain will check with the security team to find out. 

---++ Bestman2 status

Doug and Neha have built Bestman2 with Koji. It has been installed on the test stand at Fermi. We have an RSV instance that points to this new install and it passes the RSV tests. Neha is doing validation tests. She's had some errors, but may not be deep. Initial tests are promising. Suchandra pointed out that there's a change in the clients: doesn't have a default port. Probably requires change to configuration file. Need someone external to do validation. Ask for testing from Brian and/or ATLAS (Doug Benjamin & Rob Gardner, Shawn McKee) Post meeting update: the default port has been fixed.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Worked on new Bestman2 release.  See above.
   * *Igor*: Not much to report. Have been busy preparing for the glideinWMS VO Frontend meeting. Terrence was busy catching up from holiday. Have been testing the glideinWMs VO FrontEnd RPMs. Found that condor 7.6.5 doesn't work. Will talk about next tasks for evaluation.
   * *Marco*: Focused on documentation. 
   * *Mat*: osg-build is now 1.0. Getting GUMS 1.4 into the release. Still doesn't build. Will talk to John Hover or Brian Bockelman for help. They appear to be dependency problems. 
   * *Maxim*: Finishing up !UberFTP testing. Working through the details. This is helping him get up to speed on the testing framework. 
   * *Neha*: Have been working on Bestman2 RPMs for the release. See above, Now running functionality tests, will have results this afternoon.
   * *Suchandra*: Things are going well. Made a lot of changes (resolved five or six tickets) in =osg-configure=, adding support for Globus firewalls. Will also be getting glideinWMS working in ITB. 
