---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 20-Feb-2012

---++ Attending
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Apologies
   * Potekhin, Maxim (BNL Holiday)

---++ State of new support process

Alain did the first round of triage duty last week and it went well. A few tweaks were made, but all is good. 

Doug is on triage duty this week. He subscribed to the mailing list that shows the stream of support email. He's gotten one ticket in so far, and he assigned Anand to the ticket. He found the interface a bit confusing: for everyone's benefit, you can double-click in the "OSG Software Team" box to get a list of people that can be there, or you can just start typing one of the names. (An aside: Suchandra and Marco aren't on the list, so Alain will talk to Soichi to get them there.)

---++ State of GUMS release

GUMS is ready to be evaluated by the evaluation team. They weren't present today, so Alain will talk to them separately.

---++ Scientific Linux 6 release next week

All set on release for next week. Suchandra will do some SL6 testing this week. Tim is fixing up some minor problems in our daily testing, and we'll be doing SL6 testing there shortly, hopefully tonight.

Doug asked about the OSG client: it's not currently scheduled and not needed for this release. Derek discovered that osg-discovery-tools doesn't build on SL6 and it's the one missing component for the client. Alain says it's not high priority to fix if it's hard. Doug says that initial indications are that it is hard to fix, so this just might not be included for a while.

We talked about whether we should keep osg-discovery-tools in the release. The answer is yes, because a few VOs are using it. In particularly Kentucky for gluex, engage and pigeon tools.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Two main activities last week: discovery tools (above) & CEMon on the storage element. The package was straightforward, but the instructions took a lot of work because of lack of expertise. It's now in place. The CEMon package was also updated when minor problems were found. Neha has reviewed the documents. Also did documentation on Bestman. He hasn't worked on Bestman dependencies in the last week due to the CEMon changes. Neha piped up and said there might be a reporting problem: perhaps the information isn't getting to the BDII properly.
   * *Marco*: Working on documentation. Marco wants someone to look over the Condor install document. Would like someone to look it over. There is a ticket for this: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-316][SOFTWARE-316]] Moved some documentation for the Trash/Tier3 web. 
   * *Mat*: Finished up osg-build: "koji" now builds on el5 and el6 by default. Have been working on GUMS. Just got a new version, getting it to build. 
   * *Neha*: Off one day last week. Worked on CEMon on SE testing last week. Still some testing to do. Asked about dCache Gratia probe: it is based on Pacman and out of date. Will need to check it out and update the documentation. 
   * *Scot*: Worked on his tan in Hawaii.
   * *Suchandra*: Finished up Pacman testing for OSG 1.2.27 and 3.0.7. Tested Gratia on ITB. Worked on !GlideinWMS factory for ITB. May end up working on Bosco.
   * *Tim*: Worked a lot on proposal of OSG User School. Updated osg-test, which now tests glexec and refactoring of test code. Watched it run over the weekend, fixed a few problems, and will update shortly. Also worked on vdt-support incoming email script. 