---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 20-Aug-2012

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Mortenson, Tim
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ State of support tickets
| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Neha |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Mat |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 10 |

---++ Condor 7.8.2 problem

On Friday, Igor reported that the condor_schedd will crash if you enable GSI. Igor thinks it's a likely a problem of our packaging of Condor. (Though he hasn't tested 7.8.2 from the Condor Team.) Brian thinks it might be some combination of Condor, lcmaps, and packaging. Suchandra has failed to duplicate the problem with the 7.8.2 version from the Condor Team, which suggests Igor may be correct.

Brian thinks the problem may have been there before, but our new lcmaps policy (new as of this release) changes what code is being executed. If we move back to the old lcmaps policy, then the problem goes away. 

Mat needs to investigate more. We can ship the workaround (old policy) or a fix with the next scheduled release: it's not more urgent than that.

---++ SHA-2

Neha wasn't present to discuss her work on updating Bestman 2, but her progress is in [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-726][SOFTWARE-726]]. In short, she can build Bestman 2 with jGlobus 2, but =srm-ping= is failing. 
(copy old Neha's email)

Suchandra's test of the rest of the OSG Software, [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-739][SOFTWARE-739]] is waiting on SHA-2 certs. He's asked Mine for help with them but hasn't heard back. Alain ping Mine. Suchandra notes that in addition to things tested by the test suite, we will also need to test the Gratia admin interface.

Marco asked about the affect of SHA-2 on hash of CA name? Do we need update RSV probe? Brian says it doesn't change so it's not an issue. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Not too much to report. He worked hard on HDFS lately so has been making up for it by doing more of his non-OSG Software tasks.
   * *Marco*: Did the update to an RSV probe to improve output. 
   * *Mat*: Out today. Has been working on the VOMS & VOMS-Admin upgrade
   * *Neha*: Out today. Has been working on SHA-2 testing (see above).
   * *Scot*: Last software team meeting this week. This week closing out all existing OSG issues owned by him. Will braindump RSV to Mat this week and will do small RSV release this week. Outstanding work that won't be done before Scot leaves: info-services probe (could be good practice for Mat, so will be assigned to Mat.
   * *Suchandra*: Did Bosco testing last week and will be wrapping it up today. Testing with Gratia xrootd transfer--it's not reporting. Not sure where the problem is, but working with Tanya. Wrapping up GOC ticket with Gratia PBS probe failing. 
   * *Tim C*: Last week was working on OSG User School reimbursements. Getting back up to speed on the test, and will work with Alain on next steps.
   * *Tim M*: Tested glidein update with high-availability (new feature--work with two collectors), going well. Need more work. 
   * *Xin*: Out today