---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 12-March-2012

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Gore, Brook
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Strain, Doug
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Mortenson, Tim
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ State of open software tickets

| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Suchandra |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 7 |

Notes on a few tickets:

|* Ticket* | *Owner* | *Note* |
| 11772 | Neha | Please be very responsive. Interaction has Miron's attention |
| 11800 | Mat | Please be very responsive. Interaction has Chander's attention |
| 11703 | TBD | Needs to be assigned |

---++ No meeting next week

For those of you at the all-hands meeting, Alain is available for conversations at any time. 

People who will be at the all-hands meeting net week:

   * Brian
   * Brook
   * Alain
   * Doug
   * Marco
   * Tim M
   * Suchandra

---++ Upcoming releases

Last week we proposed that our next big release (which includes SL6 for the CE, among other things) would be March 27th. Upon further consideration, we want to have more time for testing; the all-hands meeting will slow it down. Therefore we'll ship on April 3rd.

Mat is working on the rebuilds for the CE on SL6. He'll report to Alain by the end of the day on Tuesday about any looming problems or worries.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Brian:* Brian has been working on Globus issues: we're been having problems with gLite WMS submitting to Nebraska and experiencing lots of failures. Brian has been uncovering interesting problems because gLite  WMS uses an older Condor-G that don't know about GT5 but treats it as GT2. Brian has bug fixes in progress and we may do an earlier release for them. 
   * *Doug*: Working on SL6 packages ready. All meta-packages and Bestman 2. Bestman 2 needs more testing due to new dependency work. Working on resurrecting test stand to test Bestman. The test stand is precarious. Doug and Alain will talk about it at the all-hands meeting. Buitl new Xrootd 3.1.1 and smoke tests went okay. Doug has some questions about some of the auxillary packages and will talk to Brian about it for 30 minutes or so within the next couple of days. Doing some documentation and updates for CEMon to deal with the ownership of the GIP. Asked about use of getent in RPM: does it work properly in the face of LDAP? Brian says "yes", but it might fail when not using LDAP or /etc/passed. We're not entirely sure.  Will discuss in mailing list. 
   * *Marco*: Mostly university stuff, except for some support issues. 
   * *Mat*: Worked on GUMS, especially bug for email notifications. Also helping with lfc-python problem that was due to mash problems: updated mash and packages. Working on SL6 CE. 
   * *Neha*: Triage duty last week.  Working on documentation, especially !GridFTP with XRootd, Bestman. Testing revealed some issues with Xrootd. Not sure if they are documentation or config issues: Doug will follow up. Gratia discussions to take over ownership of dcache and gridftp Gratia probes. Will start with [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-58][GRATIA-58]]. Will be off a couple of days this week.
   * *Suchandra*: Participated in Gratia meeting for get up to speed on Gratia PBS probe to take over ownership. Will solve a couple of smaller bugs to get up to speed. Working on osg-onfigure changes. Testing latest lcmaps in ITB site.
   * *Terrence*: Started testing of GUMS. So far it's been installed, and will dig into it more deeply. Is testing on a beefy VM. 
   * *Tim M*: Tim introduced himself. He started at UCSD in January. Has been testing Condor 7.6.6 for glideinWMS. Worked okay in testing, but in production experienced high load. But when reverted, it was still high load, so it may not be an issue with 7.6.6. Investigating further. 

---++ Python bindings for Xrootd.
From Marco: There are Python bindings for the Xrootd libraries and ATLAS relies on them. They are not part of the OSG Software release or part of Xrootd, but are in some source code repo at the University of Chicago, but they have no owner. With the new Xrootd 3.1.1 the bindings have broken and this breaks ATLAS's usage. Marco asked Andy from Xrootd if they will own the bindings and fix them but has not response. Marco thinks he can fix it, but would prefer to find a different owner. 

Alain will followup on this, to see if we can find an owner. 