---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 26-March-2012

---++ Attending

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Potekhin, Maxim
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Support status

To follow up:
    Suchandra, 11703 needs follow up
    Mat, 11750 needs prodding
    Neha, 11696 and 10727 needs follow up


| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Alain |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Doug |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 7 |

Notes on a few tickets:

|* Ticket* | *Owner* | *Note* |
| 10727 | Neha | Needs followup |
| 11696 | Neha | Needs followup |
| 11703 | Suchandra | Needs followup | 
| 11750 | Mat | User needs to be prodded for response |

---++ Upgrade for VDT web server (vdt.cs.wisc.edu)

We are going to be upgrading or replacing vdt.cs.wisc.edu soon. Our support staff is gradually upgrading us from RHEL 5 to RHEL 6, and they'd like us to make the move too. Towards that end, they've set up a test server for us to try out: http://vdt-test.cs.wisc.edu/

This will have at least a few effects on us. 

   * It will affect our Subversion interface. Internally it will be running Subversion 1.7. If you're willing to try a checkout and/or commit with the new server, that would be most appreciated. 
   * If you ever browse the repos at our site, it could break that. http://vdt-test.cs.wisc.edu/repos/
   * If you do anything else with the site (particularly things with Mason--hint, hint, UW folks), you should make sure it's still working. I checked a few pages and it seems to be working well for me. 

If we don't have any problems, we'll let them upgrade the server. 

---++ Planning for this week's release

Tomorrow's OSG Software 3.0.9 release is primarily a bug fix release. There are important bug fixes for Globus, Gratia, OSG Cleanup and osg-configure. We're also upgrading xrootd and glideinwms. 

Specifically, we plan to release:

   * glideinwms-2.5.6-1
   * globus-common-14.5-2.2
   * globus-gatekeeper-9.6-1.5
   * globus-gram-job-manager-13.23-0.9
   * globus-gssapi-gsi-10.2-4
   * gratia-probe-1.10-0.9
   * netlogger-4.2.0-2
   * osg-ce-3.0.0-27
   * osg-cleanup-1.2-1
   * osg-configure-1.0.7-1
   * xrootd-3.1.1-1
   * xrootd-lcmaps-0.0.4-3

People on the call agreed with this plan.

---++ OSG Test Fest

We're all set for the test fest on Wednesday. We'll be in Union South, just next to the Computer Science Department. Details about parking and exact location will be emailed by tomorrow. Bring a laptop with wireless access. We'll have power and a projector. 

We'll run it from 10:00 - 4:00pm 

Proposed set of tests:

| *Person* | *Test* |
| Mat | GUMS|
|| First goal: Stand up and shut down GUMS with a basic config to get VO membership from our VOMS server (depends on Maxim's work) |
|| Eventual goal: Run our tests that use authentication (submit jobs, data transfer) with GUMS as well as grid-mapfile |
| Scot | RSV |
|| First goal: Set up RSV and run a single test with rsv-control |
|| Eventual goal: Ensure all tests and consumers run correctly |
| Tim | Run test fest |
| Suchandra | osg-configure, torque |
|| First goal: Run osg-configure unit tests |
|| Second goal: Bring up and shutdown torque |
|| Eventual goal: Submit jobs against jobmanager-pbs |
| Doug | Xrootd |
|| First goal: Stand up and shutdown Xrootd on a single node |
|| Second goal: Copy one file with xrdcp |
|| Eventual goal: Need Doug's input for this |
| Neha | Bestman |
|| First goal: Standup and shutdown Bestman with basic filesystem (not Xrootd or HDFS) |
|| Second goal: Run one SRM client command (srm-ping?) against Bestman |
| Alain | information services |
|| First goal: Setup GIP and run gip_info to verify that it works |
|| Second goal: Does CEMon + GIP work? (Unsure how to test this right now.) |

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: All-hands meeting last week. Working with Xrootd. Neha has been testing the documentation. Updated to Xrootd 3.1.1, now in testing will be in release tomorrow. Also testing Xrootd in SL6. Learning/fixing/updating related packages like xrootd-lcmaps. 
   * *Igor*: No update. Not sure of state of GUMS testing, which Terrence is doing.
   * *Marco*: All-hands meeting last week. Is working on document about how to migrate a CE from OSG 1.2 to OSG 3.0. 
   * *Mat*: Have been working on SL6 support, particularly the CE but also VOMS. CEMon works fine. We are having problems with GUMS and GUMS client, which don't build. edg-mkgridmap is failing. Will do tomorrow's release.
   * *Maxim*: Finally fixed problems with Subversion problems. Can't find GUMS config, so Mat told him where to find it. This is Maxim's last week. 
   * *Neha*: Following up on OSG support tickets, but needs help from Tanya on some of them. Worked on [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-58][GRATIA-58]] to fix !GridFTP Gratia probe. Made [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-594][SOFTWARE-594]] and worked with Doug on it. Also working on Xrootd document. Started to look at osg-test. 
   * *Scot*: Have been working on steady trickle of RSV issues. Will need an RSV release soon, probably release after tomorrow's. Suggested we have a script to do a quick test install of the CE on !FermiCloud so we can quickly get one up and running. 
   * *Suchandra*: Last week was the all-hands meeting. Also got together with Jeff Dost to set up glidein factory for the ITB, and it's nearly ready to have a frontend for us to use. Have been working on updates to =osg-configure= as well.
   * *Tim*: Have been busy with his class. Has been working on the test aggregation stuff, to get it fully deployed here. Is also working on expanding set of platforms. This week, working on test fest. Will be off on vacation next week. 