---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 30-July-2012

---++ Attending
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ State of support tickets
| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Alain |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Doug |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 15 |

---++ Nightly tests
Doug asked about the nightly test's because we've been having a lot of failures. 

- At the end of last week, Mat solved (almost?) all the "Missing Data" problems we were having. 
- We were having a lot of failed cleanups. Mat fixed most of them in the trunk of osg-test and will push a new version soon, which will fix up those failures. 
- There are some remaining failed cleanups. Mat is fixing them. [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-724][SOFTWARE-724]]

---++ Readiness for tomorrow's 3.1.7 release
Alain is doing the OSG Software 3.1.7. No one has concerns with the release.

---++ Testing upcoming Gratia probe release
The Gratia probes are being updated and some of the common libraries have been touched. Tanya attended today and asked for people to test the probes. Neha will test the storage and transfer probes this week while Suchandra will test the job manager probes this week. Tanya found a problem with the !GridFTP transfer probe (it may not be a new error?) and will share it with Neha. 

---++ Needs for RSV?
Scot will be leaving the team at the end of August. He plans to do an RSV release to clean up known bugs. He couldn't attend this meeting but asked if people would holler if they know of problems that need to be addressed soon. Nothing with RSV itself was mentioned, though Suchandra mentioned that he's been fixing osg-configure problems with RSV configuration. 

---++ Testing of new Digicert command-line tools. 
OSG is moving from !DOEGrids to !Digicert. Von Welch asked if we could have any volunteers to test new tools (command-line and web-based). Suchandra and Neha volunteered.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Have preliminary HDFS release; worked on Jetty RPM; !GridFTP support tickets; helped Suchandra with !GlideinWMS; 
   * *Igor*: 
      * Finished work for User Support group
      * Started testing the !GlideinWMS 2.6 frontend, still in progress
   * *Mat*: Working on CREAM. The CREAM clients work now, working on service next. 
   * *Neha*: Worked on Jetty packaging (Bestman2 dependency). 
   * *Scot*: Prepped for OSG Grid School in Ghana, will be traveling there this week. Will prep at least one new RSV release shortly.
   * *Suchandra*: !GlideinWMS is running on ITB, will do more testing this week. BNL was added to the !GlideinWMS instance, but it's having some problems, so he's debugging. Have been fixing issues brought up by Patrick !McGuigan and others for osg-configure. 
   * *Tim*: Primarily OSG Support triage duty last week. 