---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 23-Jan-2012

---++ Attending


   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Potekhin, Maxim
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ State of upcoming OSG Software Release 1.2.26

Suchandra has installed and is doing final testing today. He will sign off this afternoon. We still plan to ship tomorrow. 

---++ State of upcoming OSG Software Release 3.0.6

Still planning to ship next week. ITB testing has been light lately, so we're going to do extra in-house talking (see tickets below)

   * Bestman2: All known problems will be fixed today. Horst's problems with srm-ls are being fixed today. The srm-rm problem has also been solved. 
   * osg-configure: All known problems are fixed, except for a non-critical new ticket [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-496][SOFTWARE-496]]. Scot will test changes to osg-configure: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-497][SOFTWARE-497]]
   * RSV: All known problems are known to be fixed. Scot wants someone to test the new ability to use Condor when its not installed in the default location. ([[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-450][SOFTWARE-450]]) Marco will test it: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-498][SOFTWARE-498]]
   * Condor 7.6.6: Ready to go. 
   * osg-system-profiler:  Was updated in [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-452][SOFTWARE-452]]. Neha will test: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-499][SOFTWARE-499]]
   * Globus cleanup scripts: Ready? Suchandra will enable it on his cluster. Marco can code review. 

ITB testing is limited this time, due to lack of coverage from testers so our testing is more important. 

---++ Extending our test coverage; Test Fest 2012

We are tentatively planning a Test Fest. We have two goals:

   1. Extend the coverage of our test infrastructure. It's a good start but does not yet have broad coverage.
   1. Have whole team know how to write tests that fit into our infrastructure.

While the test infrastructure will gradually evolve, it's now ready for more people to work with it. 

Most people think it's a good idea. We'll probably do it in Madison. Tim and Alain will organize it.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: Lots of issues that have come up recently. Several small issues with Bestman2 that have been solved. Need to do more work with fixing the dependencies in the Bestman2 build. Helping Justin Ross with RSV/SRM problems. May be a problem with the proxy. Someone from Puerto Rico has been having problems with the Hadoop installation, working through it. Seems to mostly be documentation issues. Wants to look at the RSV storage probes to ensure they are probably reporting failure when they fail. 
   * *Marco*: Having been working mainly on documentation and the Trash/Trash/Blueprint at Brookhaven. Found a minor problem with =edg-mkgridmap= [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-495][SOFTWARE-495]]
   * *Mat*: Tim code-reviewed osg-build and Mat has been fixing it up in response. Adding support for SL6 and working on GUMS release. Having problems with GUMS, following through with John Hover.
   * *Maxim*: Testing is not going well with glexec. Keeps getting error 202 "contact administrator". Alain suggested he contact Dave Dykstra for help.
   * *Neha*: Haven't done much for the software group in the last week. Have started ticket [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-483][SOFTWARE-483]]
   * *Scot*: RSV work, see above. Ported OSG (Globus) Cleanup scripts.
   * *Suchandra*: Have worked on osg-configure, but spent a lot of time at the !GlideinWMS workshop. Testing on his CE.
   * *Tim*: Working on osg-test, refactoring it to make it easier for everyone in the OSG Software Team to write tests. Refactoring is to improve library that has common functions for tests and to improve state that needs shared between tests. Soon will start writing a few more functions that go into the common test library. 