---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 26 November 2012

*Attending:* Brian, Doug, Jeff Dost, Marco, Mat, Neha, Suchandra, Tim, Xin

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Suchandra this week, Neha next week; %RED%16 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:* OSG 3.x: 57 (+1) last week; 13 (+1) using 3.1.11; OSG 1.2: 49 (+4) sites, 0 using 1.2.31.

---++ Accomplishments

Short week due to the Thanksgiving holiday.

   * Promoted all of the voms-api-java changes to osg-testing
   * Made some progress on resolving !BeStMan, !jGlobus packaging problems
   * Tested !dCache interoperability testing and found problems

---++ Issues

Special topics this week:

   * OSG Software 3.2 discussion
   * Hosting BNLâ€™s modular dashboard code

%RED%Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are resolved/closed when done.%ENDCOLOR%

   * !BeStMan/jGlobus: test failures, broader testing, release timing, etc.
   * !XRootD GSI fix and 3.3 update (which affects plug-ins)
   * Pakiti
   * SLURM
   * GUMS, list of issues
   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * Help debug Texas Tech (Alan Sill et al.), Caltech (Steven Lo), and Oklahoma (Horst)
   * !GlideinWMS
   * osg-configure bug fixes
   * voms-api-java resolution

---+++ Coming Soon(ish)

   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * CVMFS (for OASIS) (December)
   * HTCondor-CE (February)

---++ Actions

   * %RED%Define December release goals!%ENDCOLOR% (Tim with input from everyone!)
   * !BeStMan: Resolve test failures (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Identify documentation changes in a ticket or declare that there are none (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Get commitments for  ITB testing (Suchandra, with help from others as needed)
   * !BeStMan: Discuss scalability testing with Igor (Tim)
   * !XRootD: Get 3.2.6 into testing, work on 3.3 plugins (Doug, Brian)
   * osg-configure: Schedule ITB testing (Suchandra)
   * SLURM CE: Continue development and testing (Suchandra)
   * voms-api-java: Test and document (?) (Mat)

   * GUMS: Work on library improvements (Doug)
   * HDFS: Work on bugs in 2.0.0 (Doug), finish new HDFS tests (Doug)
   * Request !jPackage archive at Wisconsin (Mat)
   * Identify other easy GUMS improvements (Tim, Brian)
   * Write new VOMS Admin automated tests (Mat)
   * Design next step for testing infrastructure (Tim, Mat)
   * Help with TTU and Caltech debugging as needed (Suchandra)
   * Write a more explicit proposal for dealing with the LCMAPS packaging changes (Tim)
   * Triage Globus patches for upstream (Tim, Brian)
   * Evaluate how much effort is needed to fork SVN, YUM repos, internal docs and osg build tools for OSG 3.2 (Mat)

---++ Notes

---+++ OSG Software 3.2 discussion

One large issue that the discussion revealed is that we need to revisit our policy with how we do version numbering.
Our current policy is that the minor version number increments when an upgrade requires configuration changes or scheduled downtime for a site;
the major version number increments when an upgrade is not possible and a full reinstall is needed.
This issue should be discussed in the production meeting.

According to the above policy, the Hadoop, CVMFS and Xrootd upgrades would qualify for a minor version number increment.
The hadoop change in particular affects 10 to 15 sites and 7 of 8 of the US CMS Tier 2 sites.

A new minor version will require separate areas for the code, packages, and documentation.
This would mean creating new tags in koji/new yum repos, possibly a new branch in SVN.
Mat should evaluate how much effort this will take.
We are particularly effort-starved right now.
Should also take a look at what tools we can use or make to help us work with these splits and make sure that code isn't merged into the wrong branch or packages into the wrong koji tag.
Brian suggests looking at how Fedora has solved this problem.

The GOC should be notified ahead of time if new repositories (i.e. new public koji tags) are made -- that is, whenever the total size of our repos jumps up by a large amount.

We need a policy about how long we are going to support old versions.
Not only for effort reasons, but if we have doo many different versions to support, we won't get enough test sites to test each of them.
Brian suggests negotiating with ATLAS about additional testing effort.

We need to understand all the implications of this change from an upgrade perspective.


---+++ Modular dashboard 

BNL has written a piece of software called Modular Dashboard that they would like to make public under an open source license.
Their lawyers will only allow that if this code is hosted at the OSG.
However, nothing prevents them from hosting the code here and then immediately forking that code and putting it in github.
No reason why we can't let them do that.
Toss it in to the software/ tree in SVN, with a README to explain why.


---+++ Bestman scalability testing

Jeff Dost is going through a list that Brian put together of 5 things to test for Bestman scalability.
Currently, due to interference from other packages, bestman / jglobus does not install cleanly from osg-testing.
Jeff can test out of development for now.
