---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 27-Aug-2012

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Gore, Brook
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Zhao, Xin

---++ Apologies

---++ State of support tickets
| <b>On triage duty this week:</b> | Mat |
| <b>On triage duty next week:</b> | Tim |
| <b>Open tickets:</b> | 10 |

---++ Interim OSG Software Area Coordinator: Tim

Tim Carwright will be the interim OSG Software Area Coordinator when Alain leaves. He is working closely with Alain to ensure a smooth transition. 


---++ Next Release

We do not yet have the next release scheduled. Alain will work with Tim on this. A few things suggested by people at the meeting

   * Neha is working on a needed update to the  Gratia dCache probe
   * Condor/lcmaps fix
   * SLURM support 
   * lcg-utils? (JIRA-390, assign to Doug?)

---++ Special project: Globus problems

Alain asked Mat to be extra proactive on [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/12486][GOC Ticket #12486]]. Prod the site to see how it's going and regularly prod Joe Bester from Globus for progress. Happy result of this ticket is needed to get ATLAS to upgrade to OSG Software 3. 

---++ Special project: TTU Site

Alain will to Suchandra (out today) about helping the TTU ITB site get up to speed. Alan Sill is unhappy with the slow progress at the site. We need to understand the underlying problems to both get a happy site and to ensure that they aren't problems for other sites. Alain will followup with Suchandra tomorrow.

---++ State of SHA-2 testing

Suchandra wrote to Alain about his testing via email: "I've done the SHA2 testing with osg-test on SL5/6.  On Sl5, it works without issue but I'm seeing VOMS and voms-proxy-init errors on SL6.  I'll investigate this further this week."

Neha: Making progress on SHA-2 for Bestman2. It's compiled with the new version of jGlobus. Kept the old COG jar, for compatibility. Getting exception about an unavailable method. Brian recommended dropping version of bouncy castle that comes with jGlobus and using the latest version instead. He also recommended building it from scratch. Neha doesn't need help from Doug at the moment. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: HDFS upgrade is silent until it gets testing by VOMS. At the moment, only have low-priority tickets. Alain will assign work shortly, perhaps lcg-utils upgrade from [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-390][SOFTWRE-390]].
   * *Igor*: Tim working on installing an ITB CE site to get experience with it. 
   * *Marco*: Has been working on documentation tickets that Alain assigned. 
   * *Mat*: Worked on VOMS-Admin upgrade, progress is slow. Hiring stuff. Haven't had a chance to look at Condor/LCMAPS integration problems, but will follow up with Brian afterwards. Brian has a patch that fixes the underlying problem. 
   * *Neha*: See SHA-2 above.
   * *Suchandra*: See SHA-2 above. Also "I've also setup a SLURM CE and I'm testing the pbs emulation."
   * *Tim*: Focused on transition and hiring. Also getting up to speed on testing stuff.
   * *Xin*: ITB site at BNL is doing well. Alain will followup with more work soon.