# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 June 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Suchandra, TimC, TimT  


## Announcements

-   Jeff Dost is the new operations lead
-   Mat OOO until Thursday


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: BrianL
-   14 (-2) open tickets
-   1 (-2) open LCMAPS VOMS tickets
-   4 (+4) open VOMS server retirement tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 115          | +2      | Open              |
| 27           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 7            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Doc Focus 6/14 1pm CDT agenda: Freshdesk discussion, [doc tickets](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=7)
-   Nebraska outage over the weekend affected some services, e.g. OASIS data updater, software repository mirror
-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   GlideinWMS 3.4.0 and `glideinwms-switchboard-1.0.0` in upcoming-testing both need heavy testing
    -   Move HDFS 2.6 to production


### Discussion

-   OASIS data updater currently runs every 6 hours
-   AI (BrianL): OSG ITB factory is being held up by an HTCondor CNAME bug
-   AI (Edgar/Suchandra): Edgar will update his factory to 3.4; Suchandra will test 3.2/3.3/3.4 frontends against Edgar's factory
-   AI (BrianL): talk to factory ops about relaxing ITB entries on the prod factory policy


### Support Update

-   Cert requests (TimT): Dealt with some trailing requests
-   Support entry points (TimC): All support entry points now lead to Freshdesk (goc@osg.org moved over last week)
-   Topology (Mat): Investigated mergingin brown-cms; updated some contact entries


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.13 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 12     | +1      | Open              |
| 9      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 5      | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Release |
| 30     | +6      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.13  
    -   Testing  
        -   HTCondor 8.6.11
        -   HTCondor 8.7.8
        -   Drop consider<sub>as</sub><sub>osg</sub> form \*.repo files
        -   OWAMP 3.5.6
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   voms-proxy-direct
        -   Pegasus 4.8.2
        -   Singularity 2.5.1
        -   CMVFS 2.5.0
-   Data  
    -   Nothing yet
-   GOC  
    -   Testing  
        -   repo-update-cadist: RPM packaging
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): turn crank on 3.4.13 release
-   AI (TimT): copy data release doc to create a basic GOC release doc


## OSG Investigations Team


### GOC Transitions

****Done with transitions!?!****    

We are all but done with the transition of services from IU.  There are still a few items on our list:  

-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Minor hiccup with OSG-WN tarball in OASIS home directory.  Still investigating.

And a few longer term goals:  

-   Most services are in puppet.  Just need to put the finishing touches on it.  For example, the changes made in the last week with all of the OIM, Ticket,&#x2026; redirections.
-   Most services are in check<sub>mk</sub> (active monitoring), but need to add specific tests.  For example, we check that HTTP(s) is responding to requests, but we would like to make sure it is responding with correct info.


### Presentations

Gave a StashCache presentation at the GPN annual meeting.  Went over very well.  Highlighted the science drivers for StashCache.  


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

In-depth monitoring (e.g., verifying ) unlikely to happen in the short term due to limited Ops time for Marian and Derek
