# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 26 November 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Mat, TimT  


## Announcements

-   BrianL out the next 2 Mondays (Argonne, CERN) and the week of Christmas (see OSG Software calendar)


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   5 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 153          | +6      | Open              |
| 23           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 6            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG Container Workshop this Wednesday and Thursday morning (WIP schedule: <https://indico.fnal.gov/event/19149/>)
-   XRootD overhaul  
    -   AI (Mat): Add StashCache tests ([SOFTWARE-3360](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3360))
    -   AI (Edgar): XRootD plugin tests ([SOFTWARE-3359](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3359), [SOFTWARE-3362](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3362))
    -   AI (Marian): XRootD 4.9.0 ([SOFTWARE-3485](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3485))
-   3.4.21  
    -   GlideinWMS 3.5.0 RC (upcoming) expected later this week or early next week
    -   HTCondor 8.8.0 (upcoming) expected mid-December
    -   Optional rolling release repository for OSG 3.4
    -   Add stashcache-client to osg-wn-client
    -   Gratia probe fixes for Slurm and Hosted-CE
-   Doc focus  
    -   Doc focus postponed to 2018-12-06 1PM CST
    -   AI (Carl): Address comments in PR related to [SOFTWARE-3365](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3365)
    -   AI (TimT): submit PRs for doc focus tickets
-   Changes in effort tracking policy coming


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   FIFE (Marco Mambelli): investigating a report that site blacklists are not working on the frontend
-   TACC (Marco Mascheroni): there are issues with a Hosted CE detecting the BLAHP version on the TACC side


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.21 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 14     | +3      | Open              |
| 5      | +3      | In Progress       |
| 4      | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 23     | +6      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.21  
    -   Testing  
        -   osg-update-certs
        -   Pegasus 4.9.0
        -   frontier-squid 3.5.28-3.1
        -   HDFS-FUSE for EL6
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing Yet
-   Data  
    -   Perhaps IGTF?
-   Operations  
    -   repo-update-cadist updates (low priority)
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Speak to the security team about releasing OSG 1.78 and IGTF 1.95
-   AI (BrianL): Reach out to Notre Dame for testing HDFS on EL6


## OSG Investigations Team

-   StashCache focus data in Omaha on Wed.  John + Brian + Derek involved
    -   Bunch of pull requests created for this.
    -   Automated Authfile generation is the biggest contribution.  But also docs fixes, and documentation on registering caches and origins.
    -   More changes in the pipeline.
-   Developed load testing for stashcache using [Locust](https://locust.io/)
-   Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches.  Nebraska and KC cache first
-   HTCondor-TCP stats packaging for the submit nodes (SchedDs) 


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   AI (Edgar): Investigate why glidein logs aren't being ingested from the factory
