# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 21 August 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Suchandra  


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Suchandra
-   9 (+3) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 130          | +2      | Open              |
| 16           | -5      | In Progress       |
| 1            | -8      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Update your [Y7 effort numbers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rm7Mw6dQqxtQF_xsfj8N4ySYGoBGjEE6TuIZFWOp-5k/edit?usp=sharing)
-   The following hosts are uploading "Batch" (i.e. pilot) Gratia records and are not registered in the OSG topology  
    -   aragon.cyverse.org (Mats)
    -   sugwg-scitokens.phy.syr.edu (Suchandra)
-   Doc focus remaining tickets:  
    -   Document topology deployment configuration and instructions (Derek)
    -   Review the topology registration doc (BrianL)
    -   Review HTCondor-CE submission doc (Suchandra)


### Discussion

Repeat security announcements were sent last week due to osg-notify being run on a misconfigured host. Documentation has been updated to clearly state these requirements and additional safeties are to be added to warn users of misconfigured hosts.  


### Support Update

-   Arizona State (BrianL, Suchandra): assisted with CE troubleshooting but we're blocked on reverse DNS issues so we spun up a hosted CE in the meantime
-   Topology support (BrianL, Carl, Mat): miscellaneous contact and topology updates
-   Hosted CEs (Suchandra): USF hosted CE up and running, New Mexico State should be up and running today
-   UConn (Edgar, Suchandra): glidein startds try to report using CCB but are delayed 5 min. Troubleshooting with the HTCondor team.
-   UNL (Marian): xrootd-lcmaps issue discovered, PR submitted, and we're waiting on a new build


## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.4.17 went out last week without a hitch
-   Issues with glidein3 were due to an old HTCondor version and has been resolved

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Investigations Team

In Progress:  

-   XRootD documentation and docker overhaul is ongoing.  Organized in StashCache in collaboration with Slate and NRP (PRP) collegues.
-   Shepherding the xrootd plugins through the release process.
    - xrootd-TPC - contrib
    - xrootd-macaroons - contrib
    - xrootd-scitokens - release
    - x509-scitokens-issuer - contrib
-   Discussions with with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.
-   (Still ongoing) The repo server is going to move, once again.  But there should be no noticable differences.  If there is, then we failed.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   rsync service on the repo hosts have been puppetized but still need to be added to check<sub>mk</sub>. UNL admins to manually verify rsync functionality after the repo move.
-   Derek (AI): Update the condor<sub>mapfile</sub> on collector2 to match collector1
