# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 25 June 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

-   CHEP (July 7 - July 13)
-   OSG User School (July 9 - July 13)


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT
-   7 (-4) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 116          | +1      | Open              |
| 28           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 15           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   Goal is to release next week, get builds RFT at the beginning of the week
    -   Waiting on builds for osg-configure, osg-pki-tools, and RSV
-   Firewall rules for the Madison ITB need to be updated to allow the UCSD factory


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Topology (BrianL, Mat): Topology and contact updates
-   (Derek) Florida accounting issues.  Missing jobs in GRACC.  Spoke with Carl, may be race condition in how we handle Slurm job with gratia probes.  Will recommend the HTCondor gratia probe, if possible.


## OSG Investigations Team


### Operations

Derek's Operations time will be going down by mid-july.  Put onto other projects.  I will coordinate with ops for any development that is needed, but things like puppetizing and day to day operations, I will not be involved in.

TODO:  

-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Discussion of SLA's, availability metrics&#x2026;
-   Puppetize: Collectors, ~~topology~~, GRACC
-   One of the OASIS nodes moving to new host, need to send announcement.


### Investigations

In Progress:  

-   Working on releasing Writeable Stashcache as production
-   Beginning work with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

None this week
