# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  8 January 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>   
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Suchandra, TimC, TimT  


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: TimT
-   8 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 150          | -3      | Open              |
| 36           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   GlideinWMS release candidate expected today
-   TWiki expected to be turned down in the next few days
-   Address PR comments from last month's doc focus
-   The Madison team is deciding on a day for the next doc focus. Other team members are welcome to join the chosen date+time or set aside their own 4 hour focus time.
-   Thoughts/feedback on the material theme used for the technology area vs the readthedocs theme used for the docs area? 

### Discussions

-   The material theme content width is too narrow. Request a configuration knob or pointers on how to adjust it.
-   Additionally, TimC would like configuration to easily disable previous/next page links in the footer


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): Bad UK eScience CA update may be the cause of a user's gfal-copy failures to AGLT2's SRM
-   Oklahoma (Marian): /var/run/xrootd doesn't get recreated on EL7 upon reboot. Passing this information onto the xrootd developers.
-   Utah (Suchandra, Derek): Adding lonepeak cluster to the OSG via hosted CE

## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.7 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |-------- |------------------ |
| 15    | +2      | Open              |
| 24    | +2      | In Progress       |
| 5     | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 44    | +6      | Total             |

-   3.4.7
    -   frontier-squid 3.5.27-2.1
    -   osg-ca-generator 1.3.0
        -   backups should be created if using --force
        -   Generate LSC file
    -   Remove Slurm from osg-contrib

### Discussions

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC is now collecting HTCondor transfer records.  [All the Graphs](https://gracc.opensciencegrid.org/kibana/app/kibana#/dashboard/AWC4YIw_ZzwVQT7jgpwE) (URL likely to change)
-   GRACC is now running on a new frontend (web facing node).  Check for broken things.
-   New GRACC HTCondor xfer nodes coming online
-   New PS service coming to GRACC
-   StashCache monitoring / accounting in inadaquate.  We always knew this, but now we are getting requests for reports.  Need to add features to XRootD for better monitoring.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
