# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  2 July 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

-   CHEP (July 7 - July 13): Edgar attending
-   OSG User School (July 9 - July 13): BrianL, Derek, TimT attending


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Mat
-   12 (+5) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 125          | +9      | Open              |
| 17           | -11     | In Progress       |
| 10           | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 17           | +15     | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   HDFS packages need to be untagged from upcoming after the release
-   New version of Singularity needs VMU tests kicked off


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Topology (BrianL, Mat): Miscellaneous topology and downtime updates


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.14 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 6      | +6      | Open              |
| 7      | +7      | In Progress       |
| 13     | +13     | Ready for Testing |
| 2      | +2      | Ready for Release |
| 28     | +28     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   Testing  
        -   glideinWMS switchboard???
        -   RSV with Apache 2.3
        -   gratia  
            -   twiki links
            -   PBS/LSF update last timestamp for empty log file
            -   htcondor-ce spam control
        -   BLAHP - new version
        -   HDFS 2.6
        -   lcmaps-plugins-verify-proxy
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4 (Upcoming)
        -   OWAMP 3.5.6
-   Data  
    -   Nothing yet
-   GOC  
    -   Testing  
        -   repo-update-cadist: RPM packaging (Waiting for other changes)
        -   Drop mirror.batlab.org from mirror list
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet


### Discussion

-   Need to update process for generating and uploading src debs for the CA distributions
-   Holding back glideinwms-switchboard
-   TimT (AI): If IGTF releases, Zalak may be unavilable. Contact the security team.


## OSG Investigations Team


### Operations

Derek's Operations time will be going down by mid-july.  Put onto other projects.  I will coordinate with ops for any development that is needed, but things like puppetizing and day to day operations, I will not be involved in.  

TODO:  

-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Discussion of SLA's, availability metrics&#x2026;
-   Puppetize: Collectors, `~topology~`, GRACC
-   One of the OASIS nodes moving to new host, need to send announcement.


### Investigations

In Progress:  

-   Working on releasing Writeable Stashcache as production
-   Beginning work with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

-   Anvil Cloud downtime: HCC offered hardware to hold us over and they should be up 1 week before the downtime. The exact downtime dates aren't scheduled yet.
-   Derek (AI): separate actual hosts for ITB host (instead of VHosts). Waiting on puppet modules.
-   Marian (AI): replica needs to be rebuilt, email BrianL, Derek, Jeff, TimC, and TimT about SLA and notification
