# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 January 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>   
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

Suchandra will only be available in the afternoons until Feb 5  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Suchandra
-   10 (+2) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 134          | -8      | Open              |
| 33           | -5      | In Progress       |
| 18           | +7      | Ready for Testing |
| 4            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Tickets will be opened with edg-mkgridmap/GUMS sites to transition to LCMAPS VOMS authentication  
    -   Instructions need to be improved for sites still on 3.3 (<https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/35830>)
    -   [gWMS site tester](http://test-012.t2.ucsd.edu/rsv/) results
-   GCT: Seeing some external contributions and we're ramping up on the first release. Globus references and docs need to be fixed.
-   OSG 3.4.7:  
    -   HTCondor issues with 8.6.9 and 8.7.6, will await the next release
    -   Status on RSV?
-   Doc Focus 2 is scheduled for 1pm CST on Feb 11


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.7 | &Delta; | Status            |
|----- |------- |----------------- |
| 15    | +2      | Open              |
| 24    | +2      | In Progress       |
| 5     | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 44    | +6      | Total             |

-   3.4.7  
    -   frontier-squid 3.5.27-2.1
    -   osg-ca-generator 1.3.0  
        -   backups should be created if using &#x2013;force
        -   Generate LSC file
    -   Remove Slurm from osg-contrib


### Discussions

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC is now collecting HTCondor transfer records. All the Graphs (URL likely to change)
-   GRACC is now running on a new frontend (web facing node). Check for broken things.
-   New GRACC HTCondor xfer nodes coming online
-   New PS service coming to GRACC
-   StashCache monitoring / accounting in inadaquate. We always knew this, but now we are getting requests for reports. Need to add features to XRootD for better monitoring.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

None this week
