# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 June 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Suchandra, TimC, TimT  


## Announcements

-   Jeff Dost is the new operations lead
-   Mat OOO until Thursday


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: BrianL
-   14 (-2) open tickets
-   1 (-2) open LCMAPS VOMS tickets
-   4 (+4) open VOMS server retirement tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 115          | +2      | Open              |
| 27           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 7            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Doc Focus 6/14 1pm CDT agenda: Freshdesk discussion, [doc tickets](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=7)
-   Nebraska outage over the weekend affected some services, e.g. OASIS data updater, software repository mirror
-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   GlideinWMS 3.4.0 and `glideinwms-switchboard-1.0.0` in upcoming-testing both need heavy testing
    -   Move HDFS 2.6 to production


### Discussion

-   OASIS data updater currently runs every 6 hours
-   AI (BrianL): OSG ITB factory is being held up by an HTCondor CNAME bug
-   AI (Edgar/Suchandra): Edgar will update his factory to 3.4; Suchandra will test 3.2/3.3/3.4 frontends against Edgar's factory
-   AI (BrianL): talk to factory ops about relaxing ITB entries on the prod factory policy


### Support Update

-   Cert requests (TimT): Dealt with some trailing requests
-   Support entry points (TimC): All support entry points now lead to Freshdesk (goc@osg.org moved over last week)
-   Topology (Mat): Investigated mergingin brown-cms; updated some contact entries


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.13 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -12     | Open              |
| 0      | -9      | In Progress       |
| 0      | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 8      | +4      | Ready for Release |
| 8      | -22     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.13  
    -   Testing  
        -   Completed
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HTCondor 8.6.11
        -   HTCondor 8.7.8
        -   Drop consider-as-osg from \*.repo files
        -   voms-proxy-direct
        -   Pegasus 4.8.2
        -   Singularity 2.5.1
        -   CMVFS 2.5.0
-   Data  
    -   Nothing yet
-   GOC  
    -   Testing  
        -   repo-update-cadist: RPM packaging
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): turn crank on 3.4.13 release
-   AI (TimT): copy data release doc to create a basic GOC release doc


## OSG Investigations Team

### Operations

TODO: 
-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Discussion of SLA's, availability metrics...
-   Puppetize: Collectors, topology

DONE:
-   Lots of puppetization: Repo, display, redirects...
-   check_mk of collectors, repo / display / redirects (same host).

### Investigations

- Working on releasing Writeable Stashcache as production
- Beginning work with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.

### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

In-depth monitoring (e.g., verifying repo contents) unlikely to happen in the short term due to limited Ops time for Marian and Derek, and rest of ops team
