# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 17 December 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>

**Attending:** Mat, TimT, Derek, Carl, Marian


## Announcements

-   No meeting for next two weeks; next meeting is January 7


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Tim T
-   Next week: ?
-   3 (-2) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 152          | -1      | Open              |
| 28           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 10           | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 4            | +2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Doodle poll sent out for next Doc Focus (please fill out)
-   3.4.22
    -   Add stashcache-client to osg-wn-client
    -   Gratia probe fixes for Slurm and Hosted-CE
    -   Various osg-test fixes
        -   Fix for HTCondor tests due to default config change
        -   xrootd-lcmaps fixes for authorize_only policy
        -   xrootd-hdfs fixes due to 1.4.0 upgrade
-   Future
    -   Optional rolling release repository for OSG 3.4
    -   HTCondor 8.8.0
    -   GlideinWMS 3.5.0 RC (upcoming) expected later this week or early next week
    -   StashCache 1.0.0 (depends on XRootD 4.9.0)
        -   Marian has been testing XRootD RC at UNL since Friday
            waiting for RC3 because devs found mem leaks in RC2
        -   Improved configuration for origin & cache server
            -   Auth file autogeneration from topology data
    -   Globus update

### Discussion

-   Glideins working on Madison ITB with CVMFS and Singularity

### Support Update

-   Derek: new VO at Fermilab needed help getting CVMFS working


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.21 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 7      | -3      | Open              |
| 5      | -2      | In Progress       |
| 9      | +5      | Ready for Testing |
| 2      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 23     | +0      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.21  
    -   Testing  
        -   osg-update-certs
        -   frontier-squid 3.5.28-3.1
        -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.5.0
        -   HTCondor 8.6.13 patch
        -   HTCondor CE 3.2.0
        -   CVMFS 2.5.2
        -   StashClient 5.2.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HDFS-FUSE for EL6
        -   Pegasus 4.9.0
-   Data  
    -   Perhaps IGTF?
-   Operations  
    -   repo-update-cadist updates
    -   oasis-goc
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

New repo-update-cadist will be installed on repo-itb; Tim T needs access to
that host to test scenario where there are no MD5 sums.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches.  Nebraska and KC cache first.  Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.

Done Last Week:
-   HTCondor-TCP stats packaging for the submit nodes (SchedDs)
-   Monitoring working set size of StashCache caches now at bottom of [kibana dashboard](https://gracc.opensciencegrid.org/kibana/app/kibana#/dashboard/AWG5ztK58IKqxDdAglqh).
-   StashCP udpates, now can be installed by `pip`

### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

