# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 8 October 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>

**Attending:** Carl, Edgar, Marian, Suchandra, TimT
<!--BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimC, TimT-->


## Announcements

Brian Lin returns next week.
Mat returns tomorrow.


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Tim
-   Next week: BrianL
-   7 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 138          | +0      | Open              |
| 17           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

Reminder: topology and especially downtime updates should be considered high priority.
Please watch the [topology GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/topology).

Carl is working on automation and it might take a while before it's ready.


### Discussions

Marian mentioned that he is working on XRootD 4.8.5

### Support Update

No update

## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.19 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 5      | +0      | Open              |
| 4      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 9      | +9      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.19
    -   Testing
        -   Nothing yet
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data
    -   Nothing on the horizon


### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Investigations Team

-   No report


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


