# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 May 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**  


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Suchandra
-   %RED%17 (+4) open tickets%ENDCOLOR%
-   %RED%2 (+2) open host certificate tickets%ENDCOLOR%
-   %RED%21 (+10) open user certificate tickets%ENDCOLOR%
-   4 (-4) open LCMAPS VOMS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 109          | -1      | Open              |
| 31           | -9      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 8            | +7      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Support:  
    -   [Footprints](https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/list/open) host and user cert tickets are a burning priority with the May 31 OSG CA service retirement
    -   Derek: What were the results of the Freshdesk/HCC RT test?
        - Creation: Went well.  Created on Freshdesk side.  No email storm.  1 email on either queue.  +1 email to RT because it's a new user, and freshdesk wants it to register as a user.
        - Resolution on FreshDesk: Resolved on freshdesk side worked as expected.  The "resolved" email created a new ticket in RT, didn't link to old ticket (expected, since RT only looks at it's own injected subject line)
        - Resolution on RT: Created a small email storm.  Sent new emails to freshdesk, which created new tickets.  Additionally, RT received error mail that it could not send to "user-support@opensciencegrid.org" email list.  There were at least 3 new tickets in freshdesk from this interaction.  And at least 3 more to RT.  I got worried, and started deleting emails as fast as I could.
-   OASIS data updater issues last week due to old repo.grid.iu.edu references
-   Marco says that Koji builds are broken due to IU repo and mirror.batlab.org issues
-   JIRA migration: Weekly JIRA ticket summary isn't being sent
-   Office hours: Tuesdays 2-3pm CDT


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.13 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +11     | Open              |
| 9      | +9      | In Progress       |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 24     | +24     | Total             |

-   GOC  
    -   Testing  
        -   mash-scripts: grid.iu.edu becomes opensciencegrid.org
        -   osg-display: grid.iu.edu becomes opensciencegrid.org
        -   repo-update-cadist: RPM packaging
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Package repo.opensciencegrid.org scripts
        -   rev-perfsonar: grid.iu.edu becomes opensciencegrid.org
-   Data  
    -   IGTF 1.91
-   OSG 3.4.13  
    -   Testing  
        -   voms-proxy-direct
        -   Pegasus 4.8.2
        -   Singularity 2.5.1
        -   OWAMP 3.5.6
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing Yet


### Discussions

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

GOC Transition is going to dominate the Investigations Team's time over the next couple of weeks.   I want to give general status of the transitions we are participating in.  So, I will give a couple of states:  

1.  Have not started
2.  In development - Could be provisioning hardware, adapting software, installing software&#x2026;
3.  Ready for testing - In a state where it can be tested by the consumers
4.  Deployed

| Service               | Status            |
|--------------------- |----------------- |
| OIM                   | Deployed          |
| OASIS                 | Deployed          |
| CVMFS                 | Deployed          |
| Software Repo         | Deployed          |
| OSG Display           | Deployed          |
| StashCache Redirector | Deployed          |
| OSG Collector         | Deployed          |

Changes:  

-   OSG Collector: Social campaign for the OSG collector has started!  Look for freshdesk tickets.
-   OIM: New OIM is up and running.  DNS change was on Thursday, as scheduled.

**Done with transitions!?!**

### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

None this week
