# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 October 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   IRIS-HEP kickoff at UChicago 10/31-11/2
-   GitHub is still recovering from network partition/DB failures over the weekend.
    See https://status.github.com/messages for details.
-   Marian will be at CERN all week


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   3 (-1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 139          | +1      | Open              |
| 18           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 4            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.19  
    -   XRootD 4.8.5 released this morning, Marian will be cutting a build, and we need someone to dev test it
    -   GlideinWMS 3.4.1 released last week. Need a dev tester.
    -   Need to kick off VMU tests for osg-test
    -   GSI OpenSSH? StashCP packaging?
-   There are a few remaining doc focus tickets that haven't been started
-   Reminder: topology and especially downtime updates should be considered high priority. Please watch the [topology GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/topology).
-   AI (TimT): Update your [Y7 effort numbers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Rm7Mw6dQqxtQF_xsfj8N4ySYGoBGjEE6TuIZFWOp-5k/edit?usp=sharing)


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL) - Will pick volunteers for GlideinWMS/XRootD VMU tests. Kick off osg-test VMU tests.
-   AI (Mat) - Punt 3.4.20 tickets, try to sneak a new build of StashCache into 3.4.19, and untag GlideinWMS 3.4 from upcoming
-   AI (Edgar) - will test GlideinWMS 3.4.1 when it's ready in osg-testing
-   AI (Carl) - Condor prerelease builds + VMU tests


### Support Update

Test frontend (Edgar) - Fixed. The problem was due to GlideinWMS scripts (a CMS frontend using OSG scripts).
This class of problem will go away with the built-in GlideinWMS Singularity support.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.19 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 6      | +0      | Open              |
| 4      | +1      | In Progress       |
| 2      | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 13     | +1      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.19  
    -   Testing  
        -   Release autopyfactory 2.4.9
        -   Release OSG flock submit host packaging
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Improve StashCache packaging
-   Data  
    -   Nothing on the horizon
-   Operations  
    -   repo-update-cadist updates (low priority)


### Discussion

-   Release likely this week, both GlideinWMS and XRootD released recently
-   AI (TimT): Coordinate with Edgar about issues with submitting pilots to the Madison ITB


## OSG Investigations Team

Marian at CERN this week. 

-   XRootD-scitokens release coming!
-   SciTokens released, 1.2.1.  Building in osg-devel.
-   PyJWT built in osg-devel.  Need to run some tests.
-   XRootD-macaroons: Developer testing.  Difficult to test (need some infrastructure to setup)
-   XRootD-TPC in osg-contrib

NOTE:  
Edgar, Derek, Brian, Marian all involved in CHEP papers that are due at the end of this month.  


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   AI (BrianL) - Talk with BrianB and Derek about SciTokens for EL6
-   AI (Derek) - Get BrianL IRIS-DOMA doc
