# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  6 August 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianB, BrianL, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimT  


## Announcements

-   Edgar at NRP meeting until Wednesday
-   Marian out of office the rest of the week


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   9 (+2) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 131          | -5      | Open              |
| 22           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.17  
    -   HTCondor 8.6.12 and 8.7.9 ready to be built
    -   Singularity 2.6.0 released last Friday
-   Doc focus: quite a few tickets still In Progress, please get PRs in for them this week
-   RSV test failures in the nightlies due to issues with osg-test
-   We need to contact a few admins of unregistered CEs that are reporting to the GRACC


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2, Purdue, Lehigh (Mat, BrianL): Topology, contact, and downtime updates
-   Central Collector (Derek): There are several reported missing CE's not reporting to the central collectors.  WLCG sent a list of collectors they expect to see.  None of the CE's on the list where on the transition list, so they didn't report to the old collector, or they were reporting to the new collector already but have since disappeared.transition, either)
-   GridUNESP (BrianL): Registered their second CE to fix GRACC numbers
-   UFL (BrianB): supporting Bockjoo with multi-user XRootD setup


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.17 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 9      | +9      | Open              |
| 1      | +1      | In Progress       |
| 2      | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 12     | +12     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.17
    -   Testing
        -   Gratia SLURM probe
        -   cvmfs-x509-helper leaks 2 file descriptors per fetch
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data
    -   Testing
        -   cilogon-openid-ca
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing yet
-   GOC
    -   Testing
        -   gracc-summary
        -   gracc-archive
        -   gracc-request
        -   Drop mirror.batlab.org from mirror list
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing yet


### Discussion

-   Madison ITB site still not getting GlideIns


## OSG Investigations Team

In Progress:  

-   Discussions with with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.
-   Shepherding the xrootd plugins through the release process.
-   The repo server is going to move, once again.  But there should be no noticable differences.  If there is, then we failed.


### Operations

-   No longer reporting since operations has it's own call now.



### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
