# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  5 August 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Diego, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Tim


## Announcements

-   BrianL OOO Wed-Fri
-   TimT OOO Thu-Fri


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Carl
-   10 (+4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 156          | +0      | Open              |
| 39           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 15           | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.34  
    -   AI (Brian): Stash Origin changes; osg-xrootd support
    -   AI (Carl): Support new MySQL versions in the Slurm Gratia probes; UFL kicked back to us
-   OSG 3.5  
    -   Package list: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WNk8F5XRQSJw3mwTFejJBLNbrQptdUxpWpZ0UEu-4MI/edit#gid=566881086>
    -   Perform packaging work in the `osg-3.5` SVN branch
    -   AI (Carl): Prepare the "devops" repository (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3291>)
    -   AI (Mat, Diego): Remove GUMS and gLexec references from LCMAPS (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3776>)
    -   AI (Diego): build HTCondor 8.9.2 into upcoming with SciTokens support
-   AI (Edgar): Add chkconfig lines to `gwms-renew-proxies` (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3758>)


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Add Diego to VMU mailing list and start introducing him to the VMU test suite [DONE]
-   AI (BrianL): Review Gratia tickets and let Carl know if he can move forward with building the RPM [DONE]
-   Now that we're depending on more EPEL packaging, we should add `epel-testing` to the nightlies so that we can catch compatability issues early on.
    This discussion was precipitated by the recent GlideinWMS/Singularity issues and it was noted that we should also have GlideinWMS integration testing.


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): working on XRootD issue (AAA CMS problems); still in progress
-   CLAS12 (Edgar): starting to support them through the GlueX VO; already registered as a project
-   CNAF (Edgar, Mat): StashCache authfile generation broken due to an their hostname being different from what's registered in topology; workaround doesn't appear to work and requires more investigation
-   GGUS ticket w/ Doug Johnson about using Let's Encrypt with LVS; still need to create the load-balanced GridFTP + Let's Encrypt document


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.34 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 11     | +11     | Open              |
| 13     | +13     | In Progress       |
| 13     | +13     | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 37     | +37     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.34
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singularity 3.3.0
        -   GlideinWMS 3.5
        -   myproxy 6.2.4
        -   osg-configure 2.4.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

| 3.4.33 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -13     | Open              |
| 0      | -10     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -15     | Ready for Testing |
| 5      | +5      | Ready for Release |
| 5      | -33     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.33
    -   Frontier Squid 4.8
    -   XRootD 4.10.0 and plugins
    -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.0


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): write template for community testing announcements (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3755>)
-   AI (TimT): Madison ITB nodes need to be rebuilt. itb-ce2 and itb-submit will be upgraded to CentOS 7. itb-ce1 remains at SL6.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   StashCache paper presentation at PEARC. Official citation of StashCache is now:

        Derek Weitzel, Marian Zvada, Ilija Vukotic, Rob Gardner, Brian Bockelman, Mats Rynge, Edgar Fajardo Hernandez, Brian Lin, and Mátyás Selmeci. 2019. StashCache: A Distributed Caching Federation for the Open Science Grid. In Proceedings of the Practice and Experience in Advanced Research Computing on Rise of the Machines (learning) (PEARC '19). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 58, 7 pages. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1145/3332186.3332212

-   Presented OSG + SciTokens work @ PEARC.
-   Emergency modification of SciTokens credmon, multi-threading and signal handling is hard!  Give up and use processes!
-   Working on testing BLAHP systemcpu time.
-   Moving 100G testing to starlight network.


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

-   AI (Edgar): Address CMS XCache auth ticket (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3774>) [DONE]
-   AI (BrianL): Build an XCache 1.1 RPM pre-release containing ATLAS/CMS RPMs so that Edgar can build the CMS XCache container [DONE]
