# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 26 August 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Diego, Mat


## Announcements

-   Next week's meeting (9/2) canceled for Labor Day
-   IRIS-HEP retreat September 12, 13: block your calendars
-   Carl OOO, returning 8/29
-   Edgar OOO, returning 9/3


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   8 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 153          | -6      | Open              |
| 42           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 20           | +7      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.34  
    -   Diego found issues with buiding stashcache-client
    -   AI (BrianL): Release XCache 1.1, build, and test
-   OSG 3.5  
    -   Package list: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WNk8F5XRQSJw3mwTFejJBLNbrQptdUxpWpZ0UEu-4MI/edit#gid=566881086
    -   Perform packaging work in the `osg-3.5` and `devops` SVN branches
    -   3.5.0 will ship without HTCondor-CE or GlideinWMS: new major versions will be targeted for OSG 3.5.1+
    -   AI (Mat): Build HTCondor 8.8 with default `DAEMON_LIST` and pool password (SOFTWARE-3795);
    -   AI (Diego): Test osg-configure 3.0.0
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate OSG 3.5 test failures (Slurm configuration)
    -   AI (BrianL): Document manual 3.5 upgrade instructions (SOFTWARE-3799)


### Discussion

Diego will update the stashcache-client spec to use upstream's setup.py


### Support Update

-   INFN (Mat): Assisting with StashCache installation issues (mismatched FQAN, missing dependencies)
-   Milwaukee (Derek): Moving LIGO containers to the OSG CVMFS repo
-   Oklahoma (BrianL): Issues with logrotate and XRootD on hosts that share the same configuration/OS
-   Syracuse (Mat, Edgar): larger GLOW test jobs succeeded but users from the OSG VO ran into similar problems
-   GGUS ticket w/ Doug Johnson about using Let's Encrypt with LVS; still need to create the ticket for load-balanced GridFTP + Let's Encrypt document


## OSG Investigations Team

-   CMS requested some changes to xrootd monitoring.  Spurred many other changes which are just finishing up.
-   Working with operations on new, better monitoring of CVMFS exporters.  LIGO failed undetected for a while.  Now fixed, but need better alerting on what ended up being a "WARNING" that should have been a failure.


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   GRACC Taskforce


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
