# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  7 January 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marco, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   6 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 148          | -4      | Open              |
| 26           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 2            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 3            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   XCache container due at the end of the month
-   Topology auto-merge: what's left?
-   3.4.23  
    -   AI (BrianB, Derek, Marian, Mat): Various StashCache 1.0 tickets
    -   AI (Mat): Update gsi-openssh version
    - AI (BrianB): Review BrianL's xrootd-lcmaps pull request
-   Next doc focus 2018-01-24
-   Potential student hire at UW-Madison


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL, Mat): Coordinate and divvy XCache container work
-   AI (Carl) Auto-merge PR to be submitted midweek
-   GlideinWMS changed the schedd port from 9615 to 9618 in 3.4.1; we need to find the number of submit hosts still listening on 9615, notify them about the change and update the documentation
-   UNL has been running XRootD-4.9 RC3 since Dec 21st


### Support Update

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.23 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 12     | +5      | Open              |
| 9      | +4      | In Progress       |
| 2      | -7      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | -1      | Ready for Release |
| 24     | +1      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.23 - Thursday or Wednesday Release
    -   Testing  
        -   HTCondor 8.8.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HDFS-FUSE for EL6
-   Data - this week
    -   Perhaps IGTF 1.95
-   Operations - Tuesday Release
    -   repo-update-cadist updates
    -   oasis-goc
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

This week is mostly catching up with the changes made over the break.

-   XRootD monitoring collector: Large refactor
    -   Also making changes for WLCG compatibility.
-   StashCache Origin configs generated from Topology.
-   Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches. Nebraska and KC cache first. Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.

Finishing XCache is the focus for the next few weeks.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
