# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  3 June 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Edgar, Derek, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

Mat at FNAL Thursday, 6/6, to discuss Modularity with the Scientific Linux team


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   2 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (-1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 154          | -5      | Open              |
| 25           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5 planning to start this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%203.5.0>
-   XCache:  
    -   AI (BrianL, Edgar): Get ATLAS/CMS XCache RPM packaging in this week
    -   AI (BrianL): Add XCache integration tests to the container CI
-   Hosted-CE:  
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): send email to Ops and UChicago admins to discuss design of managing CE configuration from a central host
-   AI (Mat): Give IceCube access to the GLOW origin


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Investigate missing OSG VMU test results, potentially due to local Gluster issues
-   AI (BrianL): Create ticket for IceCube/GLOW origin VO work
-   AI (BrianL): Talk to FNAL, factory folks about OSG 3.4 support lifetime (due to dropping EL6 support in OSG 3.5)


### Support Update

-   ATLAS (Derek): Accounting audit continues.
-   CMS (Edgar): Told CMS sites that they can use Let's Encrypt certs for their CEs but there are issues. The CERN factory doesn't have LE CAs installed but we control the host so we can install them. Pilot jobs are running ok but SAM tests and PHEDeX transfers are failing. Vanderbilt is paying DigiCert per host certificate, which may be a potential alternative to InCommon and Let's Encrypt.
-   Syracuse (BrianL): troubleshooting issues with factory ops about the OSG VO's inability to fully utilize their idle cores


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.31 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 10     | +1      | Open              |
| 7      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 7      | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 24     | +2      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.31
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singularity 3.2.1
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   HTCondor 8.6 patch python packaging to match EPEL
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.3
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Take over osg-sites mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email [IN PROGRESS]
-   TimT and Mat are working on getting IGTF CA certificate announcements to the osg-sw-notices [DONE]


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)
-   Accounting audit is continuing in collaboration with ATLAS.  Pretty much done on our end.  Accounting portal appears updated.  PDF's look wrong.  They will not be updated, but they look wrong even for the previous bad data.
-   Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity.  Ready for testing.
-   (DONE) Creating cvmfs + scitokens repo to start testing scitokens enabled stashcache.
-   cvmfs-authz-helper (cvmfs-x509-helper) will be built this week.  Pending pull request to fix issues discovered through testing.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
