# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 14 January 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianB, BrianL, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

Next meeting on Tues Jan 22, 2018 due to MLK Jr day  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Carl
-   5 (-1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 150          | +2      | Open              |
| 31           | +5      | In Progress       |
| 1            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | -1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.23  
    -   AI (Carl): Release gratia-probe 1.18.28+
    -   AI (BrianB, Derek, Marian, Mat): Various StashCache 1.0 tickets
    -   AI (Mat): Update gsi-openssh version
    -   AI (BrianB): Review BrianL's xrootd-lcmaps pull request
-   XCache container due at the end of the month
-   Next doc focus 2018-01-24
-   Potential student hire at UW-Madison


### Discussion

-   A default XCache image will serve as the base for StashCache and ATLAS XCache
-   Organize XCache Dockerfiles in a single repository either under different directories or branches


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): high load on some worker nodes (`ls /tmp hangs`) with some ATLAS jobs using 100% of swap
-   Colorado (BrianL): Some FIFE jobs are failing to fetch the worker node hostname causing job failure. As a result, FNAL is blacklisting Colorado.
-   FNAL (BrianL): Accounting group issues when submitting jobs through a CE. The same user can show up under the CE UID domain or the local batch system UID domain
-   Georgia Tech (Derek, Edgar): They need some help registering a Stash cache and updating their registration to support XCache 1.0. Edgar is working with them to get an IGTF InCommon certificate.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.23 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 9      | -3      | Open              |
| 16     | +7      | In Progress       |
| 1      | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 27     | +3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.23 - Perhaps this week
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HTCondor 8.8.0
-   Data - today
    -   IGTF 1.95
-   Operations
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): Manually test HDFS 2.6 on EL6 packages, especially upgrades from EL6.
-   AI (BrianL, TimT): Write HDFS release notes to indicate that this update is only intended to support mounting HDFS via FUSE with EL6 clients.
    It is not intended for updating name nodes, data nodes, XRootD, or GridFTP hosts. Instead we recommend updating to EL7.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches. Nebraska and KC cache first. Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.
-   Re-organize the PerfSonar Collectors

Done last week:  

-   Lots of SciTokens effort that will be integrated into the campus and user support teams for Stash Writeback support.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

AI (Edgar): Coordinate with BrianL and Mat for k8s-ization of StashCache origin and hosted CEs
