# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 15 April 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Edgar, Marco, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   8 (-4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+1) open GGUS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 171          | -2      | Open              |
| 29           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 17           | -2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -4      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   VO client  
    -   Need to release update to voms1.fnal.gov tomorrow
    -   Would be nice to include updated GLOW VO cert data but not required
-   3.4.29  
    -   Is HTCondor 8.8 ready to be moved into release?
    -   XCache 1.1  
        -   cmsd fix
        -   ATLAS/CMS binary packages
        -   osg-xrootd metapackage
    -   Hosted-CE improvements  
        -   osg-configure fixes
        -   WN client updating service on the CE
-   Doc Focus 2019-04-18 1:30pm CDT
-   Default Python containers in Travis-CI will from 2.7 -> 3.6 tomorrow
-   library and ingwe will be retired and replaced by moria.cs.wisc.edu


### Discussion

-   Leave 8.8 in upcoming because of the empty daemon list may affect central managers that also run a submit host and as an execute node
-   Marco expects to release a GlideinWMS 3.4.5 bug-fix by the end of this week


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): They're using `/tmp` for their `OSG_WN_TMP` and HTCondor execute directories and this is causing issues since HTCondor and user jobs fight for space.  
    Recommended that they move EXECUTE off of `/tmp`, clean `/tmp` periodically, and look into Docker universe jobs or cgroups.
-   GlueX (Edgar): Their GlideinWMS pool is fixed; the admin updated the cert but not the key so HTCondor couldn't obtain its necessary credentials.
-   LIGO (Edgar): Interested in using GPUs, we're looking to find opportunistic resources
-   SWT2 (BrianL): the blahp does not appear to be refreshing proxies after 24h on WNs and this has bitten ATLAS.  
    Trying to determine if this is a configuration issue or a bug.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): The Jan-Feb records have been uploaded to the GRACC but we still need to resend the records to APEL.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.28 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | Open              |
| 3      | +3      | In Progress       |
| 17     | +17     | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 20     | +20     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.28 - Tomorrow
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   XRootD 4.9.1
        -   StashCache/XCache (13 tickets)
        -   MyProxy using GCT
        -   osg-flock 1.1: flock host DN
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   New DN for OSG VO?
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

| 3.4.27 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -2      | Open              |
| 0      | -5      | In Progress       |
| 0      | -19     | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | -4      | Ready for Release |
| 13     | +13     | Closed            |
| 13     | -17     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.27 - Last week
    -   Release
        -   GridFTP using GCT
        -   HTCondor CE 3.2.2
        -   CVMFS 2.6.0
        -   koji 1.11.1-1.1
        -   osg-pki-tools 3.2.2
        -   cctools 7.0.11
        -   osg-build 1.14.2
        -   Upcoming: Singularity 3.1.1


### Discussion

We promote approximately 180 packages to testing over the year. That works out to roughly 3 packages every 4 working days.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Derek is busy preparing for a presentation at UNL about using the OSG as a research platform
-   XRootD workshop will be held in France in 6-8 weeks
-   Some resources in topology don't have an APEL normalization factor set in topology, causing issues with APEL numbers.
    We have opened tickets with the relevant site admins.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  Will start investigating with Nebraska, next week.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
