---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 8 February 2016

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements
   * BNL experiencing bad weather; !JohnH, Jose, and Xin are working from home

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Mat
   * Next week: Suchandra
   * 10 (+3) open tickets

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 201 (+8)
   * In Progress: 26 (&minus;4)
   * Ready for Testing: 9 (&minus;4)
   * Ready for Release: 12 (+11)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| February | 3.2.35 / 3.3.9 | 2016-01-25 | 2016-02-01 | 2016-02-09 | |
| March | 3.2.36 / 3.3.10 | 2016-02-22 | 2016-02-29 | 2016-03-08 | |
| April | 3.2.37 / 3.3.11 | 2016-03-28 | 2016-04-04 | 2016-04-12 | 5 week cycle |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Testing* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussions

Starting with the March release, the presumption is that packages will be released on OSG 3.3 only, except in the case of critical fixes (and known things like VO client updates, certificates updates, etc.). Note possible exceptions in tickets and !TimC or !TimT will check with Rob Quick as needed.

---+++ Support Update
   * Clemson - Waiting on factory ops to verify that glideins are OK
   * Colorado (Marian) - Awaiting reponse about transfering SGE parameters into BLAHP (JIRA ticket?)
   * FIU - Admin investigating thrashing on a single host; Mengxing and Carl investigating Gratia issues
   * Harvard (Marian) - intermix of LSF and SLURM config complicates submission to the HTCondor-CE, follow up via chat and email
   * Northwestern - Troubleshooting pilots failing to run on a single node

---+++ Major Activities
   * Support EL 7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
   * Fix routine automated test failures ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1996][SW-1996]])
   * Documentation
   * [[SW024_ConsolidateRepos][Software repository consolidation]]
   * IPv6 evaluation ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])


---++ OSG Release Team
   * Febuary 9th Release - OSG 3.2.35 and OSG 3.3.9
      * Suchandra Thapa is handling the [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.3.9%2C%203.2.35%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][Febuary 9th Release]]
      * Release tomorrow

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.2.35* | *Both* | *3.3.9* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (-6) | 0 (+0) | 0 (-6) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 8 (-4) | 1 (+0) | 9 (-4) | Ready for Testing |
| 1 (+1) | 8 (+7) | 3 (+3) | 12 (+11) | Ready for Release |
| 1 (+1) | 16 (-3) | 4 (+3) | 21 (+1) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.2.35 and OSG 3.3.9
      * !GSI-OpenSSH 5.7 - security fix
      * EL7 support for HDFS
      * VOMS admin - add disable CA check
      * !glideinWMS 3.2.12
      * CVMFS over !StashCache
         * CVMFS 2.2.0
         * Configuration RPM
         * !XRootD LCMAPS 1.2.1
         * !XRootD HDFS plugin - support non-world-readable files
      * lcmaps-plugins-scas-client - fix memory leak, better man page
      * IGTF 1.71
      * VO Package v63
      * RSV-perfsonar 1.1.2 - better warnings and message handling
      * !jGlobus - remove tomcat dependency
      * osg-test - certificate work, CVMFS cleanup failures
   * OSG 3.3.9 Only
      * HTCondor CE - requires HTCondor >= 8.3.7
      * emi-trustmanager update to support gratia service in EL7
   * OSG 3.2.35 Only
      * Smaller tarballs


---++ OSG Investigations Team
   * OASIS: little development activity as there are no outstanding functionality requests..
   * !StashCache:
      * Working to get "all green" in monitoring - i.e., using the probes we already developed.
      * Submitting jobs using !StashCache through !NoVA production system.
   * CE-View (part of HTCondor-CE): got OK from AGIS team, now need to confirm with Scott that the update was successful.
   * OSG-CE-BOSCO: 
      * Progress on modifying the blahp to propagate accounting information. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2019][SW-2019]]
      * Beginning the modifications to osg-configure for bosco support. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2188][SW-2188]]