---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 21 March 2016

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimT, Xin
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: Edgar
   * Next week: Mat
   * 10 (0) open tickets

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 197 (&minus;2)
   * In Progress: 26 (+3)
   * Ready for Testing: 3 (+0)
   * Ready for Release: 0 (+0)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| April | 3.3.11 / 3.2.37 | 2016-03-28 | 2016-04-04 | 2016-04-12 | 5 week cycle |
| May | 3.3.12 / 3.2.38 | 2016-04-25 | 2016-05-02 | 2016-05-10 | |
| June | 3.3.13 / 3.2.39 | 2016-05-31 | 2016-06-06 | 2016-06-14 | 5 week cycle |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Testing* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussions

   * No updates on EL7 work
   * Github migration going smoothly and should be completed this week

---+++ Support Update
   * Clemson (!BrianL) - Mem being requested properly, PBS ignoring walltime requests and letting jobs run for days. Fermi complaining about jobs being killed due to mem even though condor reports low mem usage. (https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/27686)
   * Colorado (Marian) - Awaiting reponse about transfering SGE parameters into BLAHP ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2199][SOFTWARE-2199]]). Awaiting fix to gfal SAM tests.
   * FIU (!BrianL) - Assisting admins set up new CE for CMS Tier3
   * Harvard (Marian/!BrianL) - Troubleshooting BLAHP SLURM submission
   * MIT (!BrianL) - Neha assisting with GUMS issues (https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/26925)
   * Purdue (!BrianL) - Investigating lengthy pool fill times (https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/28668)

---+++ Major Activities
   * Support EL 7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
   * Fix routine automated test failures ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1996][SW-1996]])
   * Documentation
   * [[SW024_ConsolidateRepos][Software repository consolidation]]
   * IPv6 evaluation ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])


---++ OSG Release Team
   * Continue work on GOC repository release policy and procedure document
   * April 12th Release - OSG 3.3.11 and OSG 3.2.37
      * Brian Lin is handling the [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.3.11%2C%203.2.37%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][April 12th Release]]
      * Development Freeze next week

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.2.37* | *Both* | *3.3.11* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 10 (+10) | 10 (+10) | Open |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 8 (+8) | 8 (+8) | In Progress |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 3 (+3) | 3 (+3) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | Ready for Release |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (+0) | 21 (+21) | 21 (+21) | Totals |

3.3 series is the primary focus; only security updates and critical bug fixes for 3.2 series

   * OSG 3.2.36 and OSG 3.3.10
      * VO Package v65 - CILogon (OSG CA) migration
   * OSG 3.3.10 Only
      * HDFS 2.0.0+1612
      * Add gfal functionality to xrootd-dsi
      * Add log4j runtime dependency to emi-trustmanager
   * OSG 3.2.36 Only
      * Nothing

---++ OSG Investigations Team
   * OASIS: Working toward a March release that has a number of small cleanups.  Particularly, we're moving away from the problematic NAS device and upgrading to CVMFS server 2.2.0.
   * 2 weeks ago, had an extensive Gratia planning day at FNAL.  This resulted in plans for a new prototype service based on ElasticSearch + RabbitMQ using the same frontend parts of the collector.  Tanya is working on the writeup.
   * New "secure CVMFS" features have been submitted upstream.  Hope to have these in an April release of CVMFS 2.2.2.