---+ OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 February 2016

*Coordinates:* Conference: 857-216-4999, PIN: 32390; https://www.uberconference.com/osgcat

*Attending:* !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT
<!-- !BrianB, !BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, !JohnH, Jose, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, !TimC, !TimT, Xin -->

---++ Announcements

---+++ Triage Duty
   * This week: !TimT
   * Next week: !TimC (new cycle)
   * 9 (+2) open tickets

---+++ JIRA
   * Open: 199 (+1)
   * In Progress: 36 (+2)
   * Ready for Testing: 5 (&minus;1)
   * Ready for Release: 3 (+3)

---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| March | 3.3.10 / 3.2.36 | 2016-02-22 | 2016-02-29 | 2016-03-08 | |
| April | 3.3.11 / 3.2.37 | 2016-03-28 | 2016-04-04 | 2016-04-12 | 5 week cycle |
| May | 3.3.12 / 3.2.38 | 2016-04-25 | 2016-05-02 | 2016-05-10 | |

*Notes:* Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The *Testing* date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.


---++ OSG Software Team

---+++ Discussions

Today is the software freeze and most of the tickets are still not marked RFT:

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *Owner* | *# of non-RFT Tickets* |
| !BrianL | 9 |
| Mat | 8 |
| Carl | 4 |
| Derek | 3 |
| unassigned | 1 |

---+++ Support Update
   * Clemson (!BrianL) - No update. Waiting on Factory Ops to tell us if pilots are ok.
   * Colorado (Marian) - Awaiting reponse about transfering SGE parameters into BLAHP ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2199][SOFTWARE-2199]])
   * FIU (!BrianL) - Thrashing due to old CRL's (resolved). Gratia issues in the hands of Gratia/Software team
   * Florida (!BrianL) - Wants to set $OSG_WN_TMP dynamically. We implemented this for Horst and I'm pretty sure it's documented somewhere.
   * Harvard (Marian) - intermix of LSF and SLURM config complicates submission to the HTCondor-CE, follow up via chat and email
   * Michigan (!BrianL) - 8.4.3 update broke CE-submit node communication. On the verge of a solution.
   * MIT (!BrianL) - Finally got a response from admin: beginning troubleshooting of glexec on WN's
   * Purdue (!BrianL) - CE schedd seems to be missing. 

---+++ Major Activities
   * Support EL 7 ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1541][SW-1541]])
   * Fix routine automated test failures ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1996][SW-1996]])
   * Documentation
   * [[SW024_ConsolidateRepos][Software repository consolidation]]
   * IPv6 evaluation ([[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-1525][SW-1525]])


---++ OSG Release Team
   * March 8th Release - OSG 3.3.10 and OSG 3.2.36
      * Tim Theisen is handling the [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.3.10%2C%203.2.36%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][March 8th Release]]
      * Development Freeze today

%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *3.2.36* | *Both* | *3.3.10* | *Total* | *Status* |
| 0 (+0) | 0 (-3) | 9 (-2) | 9 (-5) | Open |
| 0 (-1) | 0 (-3) | 16 (+4) | 16 (+0) | In Progress |
| 1 (+1) | 0 (-1) | 5 (+0) | 6 (+0) | Ready for Testing |
| 0 (+0) | 1 (+1) | 2 (+2) | 3 (+3) | Ready for Release |
| 1 (+0) | 1 (-6) | 32 (+4) | 34 (-2) | Totals |

   * OSG 3.3.10 Only
      * EL7 Support
         * xrootd-hdfs
         * !GridFTP-HDFS plugin
      * GUMS 1.5.2
      * HTCondor 8.4.4
      * GFAL environment variables in tarball
      * !AutoPyFactory
      * Upcoming
         * Nothing yet
   * OSG 3.2.36 and OSG 3.3.10
      * osg-ca-certs-updater: remove check for *-ca-certs-compat packages
      * VO Package v64
   * OSG 3.2.36 Only
      * emi-trustmanager parity

---++ OSG Investigations Team
   * OASIS: little development activity as there are no outstanding functionality requests..
   * !StashCache:
      * Working to get "all green" in monitoring - i.e., using the probes we already developed.
      * Submitting jobs using !StashCache through !NoVA production system.
   * CE-View (part of HTCondor-CE): got OK from AGIS team, now need to confirm with Scott that the update was successful.
      * Splitting the htcondor-ce package to enable installation of the View beside the Collector [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2201][SW-2201]]
   * OSG-CE-BOSCO: 
      * Progress on modifying the blahp to propagate accounting information. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2019][SW-2019]].  Waiting on builds of the blahp, but ready for testing.
      * Beginning the modifications to osg-configure for bosco support. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2188][SW-2188]].
         * Difficulty in creating Bosco interface pushed back development to the next release.