---+ Meeting between Executive Team and OSG Software Coordinator, 13-May-2011

It's Friday the 13th! 

---++ Finished work

   1. *LIGO native packages*: We have completed [[LIGOTweaks1Proposal][LIGO's requests]] for minor changes to their native packaging.

---++ Status of current work

   1. [[%ATTACHURL%/VDTEffort.2011.05.05.xlsx][Current effort spreadsheet]] (Updated on May 5, 2011)
   1. Recent OSG Software Team meeting minutes: [[2011-04-18][April 18]] [[2011-05-02][May 2]]
   1. *Xrootd for ATLAS*: Good progress here, it's nearly done. We are resolving final problems and working closely with the Xrootd developers. Doug Benjamin from ATLAS has been testing and providing feedback.
   1. *Worker Node RPMS*: Worker node RPMs are going to the VTB now and we expect them to be in the ITB by early next week. 
   1. *CREAM for ATLAS*: Our CREAM work has stalled. We just couldn't get it to work. I consulted with Dan Fraser and he recommended talking directly to the CREAM developers and getting their help. In the past, they provided limited help. However, I spoke directly with Massimo (audio, not email) and he indicated that he would really like to help OSG with CREAM and was available to provide in-depth help. He also said he would be willing to have us visit some time to get some one-on-one training if we desire. It took several days to get him a computer he could log into, but he's been giving us direct help. We still haven't solved our problems, but we're narrowing in on it. <br>We should consider bailing on our current plan of getting CREAM to work within Pacman and simply using the recently released EMI source RPMs. In the past, Massimo thought they weren't ready, but he says they are in good shape now. We're going to do a few more days of debugging, then re-evaluate. I've let John Hover know our detailed state of work with CREAM.
   1. *GUMS*: John Hover has provided us with a new version of GUMS. We are building it from source. It's not quite ready to go to the ITB due to minor problems, but it's getting close. 
   1. *HadoopFS*: Jeff Dost has continued work on the !HadoopFS RPM repository we maintain for CMS and has resolved the problems we had. It's in testing now. 
   1. *GRAM improvements for CMS*: Last month we reported that CMS has requested [[CMSGRAMReqs][several improvements to GRAM]]. The initial work has been completed. Burt Holzman has given initial feedback and it's gone to the VTB. We expect the ITB will test it next week. 
   1. *Community Packaging*: We have renamed our "pass-through packaging" to "community packaging". [[CommunityPackagingProposal][Detailed Proposal]]. I've discussed it Miron (as the technical director). He appears to be very receptive to the direction but is concerned about the risk of having to deal with more software that is not under our control, unlike our past approach. We (Tim, Mat, and myself) are doing our "homework" so that we understand the risk and we'll report back to him, probably next week.

---++ Upcoming work

These are tasks we expect to work on in the near future. 

   1. *LIGO Platform Migration*: LIGO has informed us that they will be migrating from Scientific Linux 5 to Scientific Linux 6 and from Debian 5 to Debian 6. We don't yet know the transition time line, but we'll be meeting with them on May 20th to discuss. This will imply a fair amount of work for us. Some of the work is not clear: Debian 6 provides many of the packages they currently get from the VDT. 
   1. *ATLAS LFC update*: ATLAS has requested an upgrade to LFC. We are settling [[LFCUpgradeReqs][the requirements]] now. Simultaneously we are doing some technical investigation to understand how complicated it is and how much effort it will take. Initial feedback from ATLAS suggests this is higher priority than CREAM or Xrootd.
   1. *Requirements management*: We have historically not done a good job of collecting, tracking, and prioritizing requirements and then setting plausible expectations for our stakeholders. The ABCD team (Alain, Brian, Chander, and Dan) is actively defining a process for requirements management. We will share it with the Executive Team when it is ready. 

