# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 18 December 2017

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>

**Attending:** Carl, BrianL, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, TimC, TimT


## Announcements

-   See the OSG Software google calendar for outages
-   Next meeting 2018-01-02


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: TimT
-   7 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 152          | +4      | Open              |
| 30           | -4      | In Progress       |
| 27           | +14     | Ready for Testing |
| 16           | +13     | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Documentation
    -   Preview of the documentation area using the material theme: <https://opensciencegrid.github.io/docs-itb/>
    -   Future focus frenzies will give more flexibility to team members outside of Madison


### Discussions

-   CVMFS 2.4.2 is showing issues, reported by Lincoln Bryant and Ken Herner; may wish to pull from release, but talk to Dave Dykstra first


### Support Update

-   Okalahoma (BrianL): osg-user-cert-renew is broken due different formatting of CILogon vs DigiCert serial numbers in the OIM DB
    - fix won't make the December release
-   NERSC (Derek): delaying caching work until after the New Year
-   Derek, BrianL: on ticket for UConn (Richard Jones) -- might need HTCondor Team help (TJ or Greg)
-   Marian (Florida): XRootD errors turned out to be sporadic


## OSG Release Team

-   VO Package Release expected this week (VO Package v77)
-   Release estimated to go out week of December 18th
    -   Better aligns with XRootD 4.8.0 release

| 3.3.31 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.4.6 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
|------- |-------- |----- |-------- |------ |-------- |------ |-------- |------------------ |
| 0      | -1      | 3    | -4      | 4     | -1      | 7     | -6      | Open              |
| 2      | +2      | 12   | +1      | 9     | +1      | 23    | +4      | In Progress       |
| 1      | +0      | 10   | +0      | 0     | +0      | 11    | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 3    | +3      | 0     | +0      | 3     | +3      | Ready for Release |
| 3      | +1      | 28   | -4      | 12    | +1      | 44    | +1      | Total             |

-   Both
    -   Release Glideinwms v3.2.20+
        -   Drop globus-gram-client-tools requirement from glideinwms
    -   Include the gfal2 http plugins as part of the osg-wn-client
    -   OSG PKI Tools
        -   Default to using HTTPS
        -   Updated help information
        -   Leave old keys in place if new keys cannot be fetched
        -   Unhandled exception when network unreachable
        -   Update to help@opensciencegrid.org
    -   osg-gridftp: add osg-configure-gratia
    -   Minor bug fix to BLAHP
    -   Include cvmfs upstream bug fix for losing singularity bind mounts
    -   Allow tarballs to be updated by different users (internal)
-   3.4.6
    -   Nothing yet
-   3.3.31
    -   GridFTP-HDFS: fix potential crash related to CVMFS checksums


### Discussions

Proposal coming this week for making doc review part of the release process


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Adding GPU support and transfer logs to GRACC.
-   GRACC nodes getting updated; frontend node getting moved. This should require zero downtime.

-   GRACC caught up from the backlog.
-   Perfsonar data now flowing smoothly through the message broker.
-   NERSC using CMS XRootD Cache.
-   Look for changes in the gratia probe for GPU detection.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
