# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 17 April 2017

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  

**Attending:**   


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Suchandra
-   Next week: Mat
-   5 (+1) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta;    | State             |
|------------ |---------- |----------------- |
| 166          | +14        | Open              |
| 17           | +1         | In Progress       |
| 0            | 0          | Ready for Testing |
| 15           | &#x2014;15 | Ready for Release |


### Release Schedule

| Version | Development Freeze | Package Freeze | Release    | Notes        |
|------- |------------------ |-------------- |---------- |------------ |
| 3.3.24  | 2017-04-25         | 2017-05-01     | 2017-05-09 |              |
| 3.3.25  | 2017-05-30         | 2017-06-05     | 2017-06-13 | 5 week cycle |

Notes: Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The Testing date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.  


## OSG Software Team

-   Dev freeze next week but limited testing time due to HTCondor week and Suchandra's vacation
-   XRootD 4.6.1 release candidate testing at UNL


### Discussions

-   Marian will speak with Mat about proper XRootD release candidate versioning name
-   BrianL will look into system dashboard solution for missing project summary page
-   For testing gratia-probe/GRACC interaction, there is a GRACC testing interface that doesn't store the records but provides the proper responses to the probes
-   UPITT (Marian) - XRootD assistance (https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/32605)


### Support Update

-   BNL (BrianL/Derek) - Worked with Xin to investigate missing CE ScheddAd from central collector caused by [this](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/htcondor-ce/pull/141) bug


## OSG Release Team

| 3.3.24 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 17     | +17     | Open              |
| 6      | +6      | In Progress       |
| 0      | 0       | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | 0       | Ready for Release |
| 23     | +23     | Total             |


### OSG 3.3.24

-   Ready for Testing  
    -   None yet
-   Ready for Release  
    -   None yet


### Discussions

If XRootD 4.6.1 isn't ready by the package freeze, we will revisit the stability of the release candidates


## OSG Investigations Team


### Last Week

-   GRACC operations transition
-   XRootD bugs in caching and HTTPS connections. Seems to be fixed.
-   Blahp merge work continues.  Now on to getting binaries in the correct areas.


### This Week

-   More GRACC Operations transition
-   More BLAHP merge
-   move `*.osgstorage.org` CVMFS repos to new host


### Ongoing

-   Gratia V2: Derek will be working on this.  Jira project: [GRACC](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRACC/).  Project documentation located at <https://opensciencegrid.github.io/gracc>.
-   New StashCache server packaging that is coming out of our collaboration with Syracuse. Authenticated StashCache Package incoming after papers completed.
